Traumatic crush injury to the head and chest.
Two fitters were undertaking maintenance work when an accident occurred resulting in one fitter sustaining crush injuries and grazes to multiple body parts and the other being fatally injured when the load they were working under fell. 
At approximately 9.20am on Wednesday 4th December a contractor working on the tailings discharge line at the tailings dam was fatally injured. Emergency Response and medical teams promptly attended to the individual at the scene and at the medical centre. The scene was frozen. Authorities were notified and investigators were sent to site. Site operations were suspended.
"Drill fitter had finished planned services for the shift and had returned the tools to the container located between Workshop bay two and three. Whilst returning to the LV the fitter proceeded down the footpath through workshop bay two, where there was a safety ramp ronning on the demarked footpath with service lines runing underneath it. As the IP descended the ramp they caught their foot on a loose hose not located under the ramp loosing their balance causing the IP fell to the ground landing on their knee on the concrete."
The injured person identified a stinging sensation on his left shin area. The injured person was not concerned at the time. The stinging area became inflamed and red of the next few days. The injured person attended the Camp Medical Centre on the 23rd November when he became concerned about possible infection as the wound was now painful.
"Injured person was sleeping when he felt a stinging sensation on his right thigh area. The injured person was not concerned at the time. The bitten area became inflamed and red of the next few days. The injured person attended the Camp Medical Centre on the 26th November when he became concerned about possible infection as the wound was now painful. Sequence of events After arriving on-site on the 14th November, IP was working within the  area. Daily tasks included working with the Geo-mesh fabric consisting of 14 rolls, which has been situated within the area for approx. 3 months. The task required handling of the Geo-mesh fabric to be used in the  drains. Geo-mesh was handled by IP on multiple occasions over the course of their roster. The tasks were completed with the assistance. Due to the length of time that a white tail spider bite takes to manifest it is unknown an exact time, date and location the bite was incurred. After inspection of the injured person's accommodation and work areas and the knowledge that the accommodation houses had a full pest treatment including externals it is highly probable that the bite was received in the workplace. After inspecting the work place buildings toilets trucks etc. and finding no evidence of spiders the most probable location is as stated above the spider where in the geo fabric mesh utilised for the  drains."
"An Operator was transporting signs in a loader bucket. Whilst removing one of the signs from the bucket, it became jammed. In the process of attempting to free it, the sign moved suddenly in an upwards direction, jamming his finger between the sign post and the loader bucket."
"On 11/11/13 at approximately 0900hrs employee was assisting two other operators in the relocation of a pump suction hose to a deeper area of the lake. During this task the employee felt a slight pain but didn't think anything of it because there was no pain afterwards, so the employee kept working. Later in the day at 1530hrs the employee was using a pick and shovel in which they felt their back becoming stiffer and painful."
Operator was climbing onto the rear of the bogger to straighten a hand rail when it gave way and the operator fell from the the bogger and landed between bogger and wall.
Service crew member stepped down from work cage onto uneven ground and rolled left ankle
walking in car park from office to workshop & rolled ankle
"The bogger operator lost his footinng whilst climbing down off his loader, causing a twist to the left knee as he slipped down."
Person was walking around the bogger in the workshop and trod in some grease that was on the ground. His foot slipped out from underneath him and he landed with all his weight on his tail bone. He called the shift boss to notify him.
noticed pain in shoulder whislt conducting routine tasks. Report only. There is no reported actual incident to report. The pain was reported to the supervisor in case it worsened during normal activities ie maintenance work on  vehicles.
"At approximately 15:30 on the 22nd of August, a service crew operator working in the IT basket experienced a crush injury to the ring finger on the left-hand. Initial investigations indicate the tip of the finger had been pinched between the IT cage and a services hanger."
"Left ankle rolled on rock, resulting in fracture to posterior tibia and dislocation of ankle."
"Operator was fitting hoses while standing on a small platform (15cm). To give himself more secure footing to pull a hose, he took a step backwards, his right foot landing onto the hose he was pulling. The arch of his foot (without treads)  landed on the hose, slipping his leg backwards ~20cm and jarring his lower back."
"On the 21st Dec 13 while servicing an Excavator the IP had ran out a grease line. The grease line stopper subsequently snagged on the tracks of the excavator as the IP was pulling grease line. The IP then felt a sharp tug on his right arm. The IP statement reported that no pain was felt at this time. Later in the afternoon while conducting another task the IP fely a slight pain in his shoulder but decided not to report the injury. The next day on the 22nd December the IP then went to work conducting servicing duties and during the morning the pain became worse. The IP decided after it became so bad that he could hardly reach for the two way, to drive back to the Workshop and thus reported the injury to the Maintenance Supt. The IP was then assessed by the site medic and given anti inflammitories as well as RICE for the rest of the afternoon. The IP was reassessed on the 23rd Dec by a doctor, we were told he needed further diagnostics to determine the nature of the injury at which point we believed the injury was still a FAI. We were later informed on the 30th Jan 14 that in actual fact the first Doctors visit had the IP on Restricted Duties the Doctor made the point that the injury was not congruent with the injury mechanism."
"The blast crew member was collecting cones prior to a blast. While carrying the cones, the IP tripped and rolled his ankle. The IP reported the matter upon completing his blast guard duties."
"Fitter was removing right hand side track drive sprocket segments from dozer. Using a soft steel hammer, the fitter hit the sprocket segment to release it from the track drive. In doing this, metal particles separated from the sprocket segment, puncturing the fitter."
"While opening roller door to workshop, the IP sustained lower leg injury."
Person has sustained a crush injury to fingers on both hands from an incident on a drill rig where his fingers have become caught in the grippers. Person was flown off site for medical treatment. The drill rig was isolated and an investigation has begun
"On 29.11.2013 during 08:20 round, the worker was at silo and was lifting a dust plug in the right portion wheel. She felt a 'pull'on the right arm. Reported to the gatehouse at 09:00. Treated with ice and compression bandage. Reviewed  and placed on precautionary restricted duties for 96 hours. Worker was treated with 2nd hourly ice treatment and compression bandage during this time. Reviewed  at 24 hour, 48 hour, 72 hour and 96 hour mark. Minimal improvement. Seen by GP on 03.12.2013 at 11:56 and placed on restricted duties. Referred for ultrasound of the right forearm ? haematoma ? muscle tear. Appointment arranged at 11:00 on 06.12.2013."
"Drillers offsider (assistant) recieved a crush injury when his wrist came in contact with a rod spinner, on surface rig ."
"The Worker's tasks included heavy lifting (10 x135kg rods) & physically demanding tasks in days leading up to onset of symptoms; exposure to vibration from driving over rough terrain over several shifts AND tenderness / limited movement in back. There was no specific workplace event – felt twinges in back while driving over unsealed roads, followed by severe onset of pain when exiting vehicle (worker exits vehicle several times per day and the manner in which he exited the vehicle on the day of onset of symptoms was consistent with previous times)."
"Setting up out riggers on 50t crane, laying timber on ground, on the last timber being put down injured person felt pain in left shoulder. Small tear to shoulder ligament."
Whilst IP was carrying materials he stood on uneven ground causing the uneven ground to give way under his foot. This caused his right knee to twist outwards. 
"On the 24th of July, a contractor supervisor was walking to visit a work group when he twisted his left ankle on a dip in the bitumen road surface. He called a colleague on his mobile phone to escort him to the medical centre for treatment. The contractor was seen by the site medical staff and was returned to work with restricted office duties (this did not affect the duties the contractor could perform as he is a supervisor). The individual continued on-going treatment with the on-site Physio on restricted duties and on the 29th of July was given a 'Return to Work' plan with restrictions that allowed him to perform his normal duties with follow up physiotherapy which reclassified the injury as a medical treatment. The individual continued with his normal supervision duties and treatment with the site Physio for on-going discomfort. "
Whilst performing pre-start checks on the Crushing system an operator has felt the back of his right calf muscle tighten as he was climbing up a set of conveyor access stairs. The operator thought it was a cramp so tried to walk it out however after a few minutes decided it was best to report the injury.
"Closing the door of truck, had put one hand on door frame and was reaching back to close the door with the other hand, when the door was caught by a gust of wind, which blew the door onto operator's thumb/hand."
"Whilst performing normal duties individual was leaving the laundry located at the administration area. Whilst walking through the doorway, the individual stepped out on to the concrete and placed her right foot on pebble sized rock which caused the individual to call on their right side rolling their ankle and injuring their right hand hand, shoulder and back. "
"Grader operator had just finshed grading the roadway and parked grader to operate water header. Upon turning off water header, the operator had to use excessive force to shut off and in doing so has dislodged a loose rock . The rock struck the operator on the hard hat and deflected onto his shoulder/arm /hand.Reported with a stiff neck and minor abrasions to his right hand and arm."
"Employee had completed a job of removing a bucket on a bobcat, when he tripped on a cross bar and hyperextended his left knee."
Employee was carrying out rock pitching work in a V drain located along a Rd. The Employee had been performing the rock pitching work since 08.30 with two scheduled work breaks (smoko & lunch) in addition to repeated breaks during the work to stretch and assess the next task. This was the employees' first day at work after a 5 day break. The employee was assisting another crew member to roll a rock from a flat position in the bottom of the drain and onto its edge so that it may be repositioned at the side of the drain. The rock measured approximately 450mm x 300mm x 300mm estimated weight 60kg. Both persons were in a squatting position. The upslope crew member attempted to pull the rock and the injured person (downslope) attempted to push the rock. In this motion the injured person experienced pain in the back and was not able to move or stand. The injured person was transferred to  Health Campus via ambulance. Assessment diagnosed as a muscle strain.
 IP and a co-worker were attempting to attach a lighting tower trailer to a utility. The tow ball on the utility was not aligned to the hitch on the trailer. The co-worker pulled the trailer sideways by the jockey wheel lever to try and align the two. Pulling the jockey wheel lever caused the jockey wheel to collapse and the trailer A frame to impact into the IP's left heel.
The injured person(IP) was the driver involved in a  Haul truck rollover on 14.7.2013. The IP was assessed and given First Aid treatment and was monitored for some time before being sent home with instruction to seek medical advice if symptoms worsened. The IP was then on normal rostered days off until 19.7.2013 when she represented to the Medical Centre for return to work assessment and complained of a painful Left shoulder and Left hip she reported developed over the days off. The IP was assessed and treated by the site nurse and Physiotherapist including work restrictions until Monday 22.7.2013. Symptoms had improved and the IP did not require further restrictions or treatment beyond 22.7.2013 which was confirmed by a First and Final Medical certificate by the onsite Doctor. This incident notes a gradual onset of symptoms that required work restrictions when the IP returned to work. 
"While operating a scraper, the operator became aware that the air conditioning unit may have been malfunctioning. The operator touched the rotating fan of the air conditioner through an open vent while determining if the unit was operational."
"The injured person was welding in a laying position, when he was getting up he felt a ""ping"" on the left side of his back. He didn't report it until he was seen by his supervisor trying to crack his back due to the pain. he was told immediately to report it and the onsite Medic arranged a Dr Appt for the 5th Nov."
"The boiler maker was assisting the contract fitters to put a fixed guard in place after completing a shutdown. As the 3 people were moving the guard, the unit was twisted to be put into place but the boilermaker was unaware and not prepared for this action and because his fingers were through the mesh to carry the guard the result was that he suffered the hyper extension injury."
The Offsider was using a backhoe to construct windrows around drill pad to stop water from entering the work area. When work was completed the Offsider exited the backhoe cab. While walking across the drill pad the offsider tripped over an exposed tree root which caused the offsider to fall. The Offsider put out his hands to stop his fall which resulted in the offsider injuring his middle and ring fingers on his left hand. 
Whilst exiting an LV to approach a digger IP fell as he tripped over a rock
IP reported low back pain when an excavator bucket made contact with the dump truck tray. 
Operator had returned from smoko break and was conducting a walk around on Plant. the operator was walking to an area to consult with another operator and has rolled their ankle on route.
Operator was walking to his vehicle after taking a break at the control room and stepped on a fist sized rock sustaining an injury to his right knee
"Operator was shovelling spillage from under the early ore hopper whilst it was shut down for maintenance works. The operator and companion were shovelling for approx. 2 hours taking adequate breaks on regular intervals due to the confined work area. After several hours, the operator has felt a strain in right shoulder."
"Whilst removing scaffolding from 4300 taking boards from above, the scaffolder stepped over to another board which gave way causing him to fall to the ground."
"A contract scaffolder was stepping over a pipe when his left knee gave way, which caused him to fall and injure his knee. "
Employee rolled his left ankle on uneven surface on ground level beneath the scrubbers. Later assessment showed that the worker had fractured his ankle (talus).
"Mechanism of Injury - no acute injury - the pain buil over time - a very busy day conducting tasks involving a lot of grating and cutting big containers of vegetables, carring big containers of vegetables, washing dishes carrying plates and bags of ice."
IP noted pain in his left shoulder after his shift and woke with further pain the following morning. Worker was moving a barricade on 27/07/2013 and it is assumed that this tasks has resulted in the shoulder pain. The IP did not report any pain at the time.
"OPERTATING LOADER FOR AN EXTENDED PERIOD OF TIME, INDIVIDUAL EXPERIENCED GRADUAL ONSET OF BACK PAIN."
Person was climbing stairs of loader and felt discomfort in shoulder.
Pt states he climbed out of a Loader on NS and when he climbed back up to hop inside the loader he felt a sharp pain in the front of his R/H shoulder. Pt states the pain is a 5/10.
"An operator awoke with discomfort in right wrist after operating loader on previous shift. Pain got progressively worse during next night shift, however the operator continued to operate the loader for the remainder of that shift and over the next night shift. Operator noted that while shovelling the swing prior they felt a click/lock in right wrist. No further discomfort at that time."
IP received laceration distal end of middle finger of right hand when 40kg grate dropped onto finger after hand slipped while trying to remove grate from its location.
After descending the stairs on an excavator the IP stood on some loose rocks and rolled his right ankle. 
"Boilermaker IP carried a bracket (~10kg) on his shoulder to a workplace. He stopped and bent forward to place it on the ground. It caught on his shoulder (leaving a scratch mark) and dropped awkwardly hitting his foot. There was immediate pain, which abated and the IP continued to work. At the end of the day; on arrival back at camp, when the IP removed his boot, there was immediate swelling and increased pain. He found it very difficult to weight bear. "
A maintainer was undoing a hose in the front frame of a  Loader and felt some discomfort in his lower back. 
"15/07/13 at 02:00; Operator of shovel was loading in Pit. Shovel operator picked up a bucket of dirt, bucket felt as though a rock was in bucket but bucket didn't feel heavy. Shovel operator proceeded to empty bucket as usual however the rock didn't come out so shovel operator closed the clam and rolled the bucket forward, the rock came over the front into the tray and struck the offside of the truck. Contractor reports that their left arm was caught between the steering wheel and the arm rest as the shaking occurred, applying a traction force to their arm. 15/07/13 at 02:17;Contractor assessed by EMO. Referred to physio at 65 2. 15/07/13; physio reports reduced sensation, IP not tolerating any pressure to her arm, reduced movement of arm and neck. Arm placed in sling. Given NSAIDS. 16/07/13; flew out AM. and at 14.30 reviewed by Dr . Advised by that IP had been signed unfit until 18/07/13."
While completeing cyclone prep the worker has tripped over while completing tie down and landed on his right shoulder with an outstretched arm. 
"On 28 July, a driller's assistant was moving  drill rods when it's suspected he sustained a small metal bur / splinter in his hand through the gloves worn. Part of the splinter was removed at the time, but 2 days later swelling was identified. The individual then reported the incident (30 July) and was transported for medical review where imaging identified a part still in the muscle, which required minor surgery to remove. The injury was not initially reported until a few days later potentially escalating the severity."
Exiting vehicle in car park and slipped on gravel. Had soreness in left wrist after using it to support themselves during fall.
IP complained of discomfort in bilateral wrists and forearms at the end of shift. IP was completing kitchen based duties (washing dishes). This was the IP's first swing on these duties. 
IP woke up post a nightshift sleep with pain in the right elbow. He reported that during the previous shift his elbow was noticably tender whilst completing scooping and stirring activities in the kitchen. 
IP was using a high pressure hose to remove clay build up under a chute. IP turned off the hose whilst trying to reposition it to finish the task. When in position the hose was turned back on and the surge in water pressure caused the hose to twist. IP experienced immediate pain in the left wrist. 
I.P. states was working at pot wash station. A colleague nearby was cleaning the vents to pot wash with oven and hotplate chemical cleaner & the spray from the chemical went into her right eye & also on right side of face. I.P. states had safety glasses on.
"Reports she had been cleaning laundry's since 06:00, and when cleaning the lint filter at the seventh laundry at 10:00am she noticed pain to left shoulder."
IP has been waking with pins and needles sensation in his R) hand over the course of his last two swings. Last night the sensation was enough to wake him several times throughout the night. IP is experiencing discomfort in the back of his wrist.
Pt was kneeling on floor cleaning and experienced right knee pain when turning.
"IP was involved in cyclone preparations, moving items under cover. IP Finished work well and pain free, however woke at 0100hours with lower back discomfort. "
"A Belt Maintainer woke with low back pain, pain increasing over shift and after lifting a splice kit into a vehicle."
"Sitting in car, accidently had scrotum trapped in between his lef and the car seat, impacting and squeezing the left testicle, with subsequent development of severe pain and restricted movement. No external injury or bleeding sustained. "
I.P. was descending an access ladder at the discharge chute using three points of contact and at the last step when stepping back to the ground his right knee hyperextended causing immediate pain.
"STATES WORKING ON SITE 27/11/2013 WHILST ON A CHERRYPICKER REMOVING ROOFING MATERIAL FELT LOWER BACK DISCOMFORT AFTER REMOVING FLASHING WITH SOME FORCE, CONTINUED WORKING, NOT REPORTED UNTIL FOLLOWING DAY WHEN DISCOMFORT HAD BECOME ALOT WORSE"
Injured right wrist lifting wheel barrow off ute
Worker was tasked with tightening a series of bolts that connected steel beams together for the bridge works. The bolts were required to be tightened to 800Nm with a large torque wrench being used when the nut which was being tightened gave way causing the torque wrench to free spin. This resulted in catching the IP's right ring finger between the steel beam and wrench. 
"Whilst cleaning showers, IP felt sharp pain to her right wrist and forearm."
IP reported right shoulder pain after opening and closing the cool room door in the camp kitchen
Developed pain to right forearm after chopping food. 
"On slipping on wet and broken linoleum in the kitchen, IP reached backwards to grab something to stabilise and prevent the fall. This caused immediate pain and symptoms in her right shoulder"
IP reported gradual onset of pain in her left knee on the afternoon of 8/10/2013 whilst performing housekeeping duties at Camp
IP stated she was experiencing pins and needles down her R arm adn R leg. Moving bags of rubbish on Wednesday 27th Nov.
IP was putting a bowl of food into a cold well in the  kitchen when it slipped causing her to strain her right bicep tendon
Housekeeper sustained lower back injury after sorting through linen on the 31/10/2013.
Gradual onset of elbow pain. Reviewed by doctor. There was no once off incident or a point in time where IP was able to pin point as when the injury begun. Noticed it was sore and gradually getting more painful.
Hand was caught between the slicer machine and the bench top in the village kitchen.
"On Thursday 06/09/2013 at the start of shift, Operator reported to the Shift Supervisor that he had soreness in his back. He explained that he had been sitting in the passenger seat of a truck, for training purposes the previous night shift and that this had contributed. After further discussion he stated that sitting in the truck had aggravated a previous injury. Have no detail about a previous injury - the previous was not work related"
4/11 / 2013 – IP was lifting tyres onto a double stacked tyre rack in the workshop when he felt pain down his right buttock and back of his right leg. He mentioned this to a work mate who advised him to see the Medic. IP reported to the medical room and was assessed by the Medic. IP had his own Panadol Osteo and declined further medications. Incident notification commenced and forwarded onto his supervisor. 6/11/ 2013 – Called to the village to see by staff concerned about IP. Examination found IP was suffering from Sciatica (pinched nerve in the spine) and this was confirmed by the doctor via telephone consult. Doctor authorised prescription medications for pain relief and IP was booked onto the next flight to Perth for further treatment with our injury management company. Medics checked on IP at mid-day and additional prescription pain relief was prescribed. The pain got worse through the remainder of the day and night and it was decided that IP was in too much pain to fly on Skippers and RFDS advice was sought. IP was airlifted from site by RFDS to hospital  for specialist treatment.
IP was lifting heavy wooden boards onto his shoulder resulting in a lower back strain
"Whilst trying to remove a tight nut, when he applied pressure felt pain in right side of upper back."
"An Apprentice was conducting a monthly service on a welder. The task was being undertaken inside the workshop. He was engaged in replacing the coolant, when his hand contacted the cooling fan which was running at the time."
Employee was straiking clips with slegdgehammer when the face of the hammer glanced off the clip into the toe of his right boot
While climbing off truck at Stacker IP had grease on their boots and their right foot slipped causing the ankle to roll.
"Whilst performing normal duties, a rail sleeper slipped onto Left foot causing discomfort and mild swelling. IP works as a track labourer. They perform any maintenance work to the rail/ track. At the time of injury he was doing maintenance work on the track. "
contractor was climbing backwards down steps when they slipped and injured their right shoulder whilst holding onto rail.
Pt was walking along rolling up danger tape when he rolled his right ankle.
Contractor moving a motor on rollers when left thumb was pinched on a motor coupling. 
Popping pin on chute door when fellow worker pulled chute door open trapping left middle finger.
"Patient stated, whilst working on conveyor he tripped over his laces. He landed on his Right Knee, on the grating, and had a large deep cut that he had bandaged"
"IP was hitting pin into top of carousel on a drill, and as he did so he struck his left hand ring finger with the hammer. "
"While boilermaker was pushing fire blanket under cab side window seal, he felt his finger pop. He removed his glove to inspect and noticed his L/H index finger was bent at his first knuckle. Seen by hand specialist tendon tear"
IP had 1 st phalange of the fourth digit of the left hand pinched between a plate and the bolt of another plate causing the plate to partially deglove the finger
Boilermaker sustained fracture to the distal phalanx of his left thumb when he accidentally hit the tnumb using a gympie hammer to knock pin out of counter-weight on exitor. Worker was sent for x-ray of thumb. Worker was seen by doctor and put on alternate duties from 23/7/13 - 23/8/13.
On the 27th of October 2013 at approximately 07:30am the fitter was drilling one of the heavy duty stands using a 3.5mm Saber drill piece in a battery operated Hitachi drill to attach a SWL (safe work load) badge. When the fitter was drilling the second hole on the bottom left of the badge the drill bit snapped in half causing the fitter to slip and penetrate his left hand thumb nail with the remaining drill bit left in the drill. 
On the 13th of October the dump truck operator of was hauling material down to the skyway. At approximately 19:30 hours during hauling operations the dump truck operator felt some minor discomfort in his lower back. At approximately 20:00 the operator reported the discomfort to his supervisor who told him to park up and return  where the operator was rested. At approximately 02:00 hours the discomfort had not subsided so the operator was taken to the medic for further assessment.
"Operator was installing curtains on a screen. He undone all the bolts on the clamp and removed the clamp, being a new machine all the clamps had been painted and had stuck to the machine. When the operator was placing the bolts back in, he bumped the clamp with his shoulder, it fell of and came down and struck his wrist. The rear plate that fell weights about 10-15 kg. He received multiple abrasions."
"Initial report was a non work related injury. However, a workers compensation was lodged and upon investigation revealed that over the course of the roster chronic back pain was being experienced due to the operating conditions and this was exacerbated when accessing the Dozer cab."
"Dozer Operator presents with lower back pain this evening. IP states last PM at approx 2300h while operating on  Pit,  he felt pain developing in his lower back. IP states the ground was hard, causing the machine to bounce as it was cutting and pushing dirt. IP reported pain to his supervisor. Attended medical centre for review - tenderness L1-L5, centrally, right shoulder dipped lower than left, increased pain when rotation towards right. No sciatica or altered sensations to lower limbs. Rx: rest, ice, pain relief as necessary - given Ibuprofen and paracetamol. IP Returned to Medical Centre on the 10th as pain continued, IP was flown off site for review on the 11th. Both Doctor and Physio diagnosed a minor sprain to lower back."
"IP had the task of refuelling dump truck in  pit on nightshift. IP arrived at the fuelling bay and parked up the fuel truck. IP exited the cab, walked around the back of the truck and step onto a rock, causing the right ankle to roll. "
"Operator, while operating a Cat Loader felt mid back pain when loader travelled over a rock and operator was jolted to the right seated facing forward. "
"Whilst cleaning cement from the inside of the agitator bowl, a piece of cement came away and rolled down the side of the bowl, rolled of one of the fins and then impacted with the injured persons left ankle."
Operator was desending his drill rig missed a step and twisted his right knee.
Injured person was lifting a 50 kilo drill bit when it dropped on his right foot.
"Parked the IT up. Whilst alighting from the IT, one foot was grounded and was putting the other foot down. The other ankle rolled on an uneven surface."
"left shoulder pain when retracting engine oil hose reel it "" flicked"" back & wrenched left shoulder. Felt a twinge at the time, then woke up with left neck/ shoulder pain when rolled onto shoulder when sleeping."
"Felt sore neck on 26.11.2013 after he finished work. Was prepping charge holes (pushing up action) that shift, felt neck sore when stopped, was ok on 27.11.2013 during work. Again felt sore after he finished shift on 28.11.2013 and was painful on 29.11.2013 overnight. "
Working cutting off steel from walls u/g. When assisting to clean up cut off steel when a piece of mesh pierced his gumboot and lacerated right medial aspec of heel/foot. 
"Parked ute to do service on rig, isolated machine, went to lift jerry can off ute when felt a pull between shoulder blades and across both sides."
At approx 1126 pm evening of 21 October 2013 a collision has occurred between two trucks. Both trucks  collision occurred in  pit. Nose to tail contact has been made. The rear right hand side of the front truck  has been hit from the rear when the second truck has driven into it. The tray of front truck has pushed the dash of the rear truck backwards and pinned the operator against the rear of the cabin.
"While a dump truck was being loaded  in Pit Strip, the  operator bedded the truck tray (placed dirt on the bottom) and then went to place rocks in the tray. When the rocks were loaded, two rocks rolled towards and impacted the sides of the truck tray. The shock and impact caused the DT operator to feel discomfort in their neck."
At the end of shift felt weak in Left arm. He woke up throughout the night with pain in neck and arm. Not sure of specific task but had been off-siding. 
"At approximately 2000 hours a serviceman was working in the mobile maintenance workshop, tasked to apply plastic wrapping to a differential centre which had been placed onto a pallet. During this process the serviceman was required to move around the pallet in a bent over position to wrap the differential centre. After the serviceman had finished wrapping the differential he has gone to stand up and felt a sharp pain in his lower lumber region. This has caused him significant pain and he was unable to stand. The leading hand fitter has found the serviceman sitting on the ground and advised that he had incurred an injury. The serviceman was placed into a recovery position.  attended the workshop and transported the injured person to the site medical centre where the nurse was called out. The injured person was treated by the nurse and given pain medication. The nurse advised that the injured person fly off site to seek an opinion from a medical professional."
A service truck operator injured their wrist after attempting to open seized taps attached to chemical delivery pods.
"While walking past mesh U/G ,caught a piece of sharp mesh on arm and cut it."
"A fitter climbed up onto the broken down excavator using three points of contact and as he pulled himself up he felt a sharp pain in his right shoulder. Due to the position of the excavator when it broke down, it was parked at an awkward position for the fitter to climb up onto it. Once the pain had subsided the fitter continued repairing on the excavator so that it could be moved before the scheduled 2pm blast. Once the repairs were complete, the fitter reported the injury to his supervisor and reported to the medical office."
"Fitter sustained lower back strain while repairing springs on truck on nightshift. The fitter completed his shift, however when he awoke for the following shift he was suffering lower back pain. The fitter reported to medical office for examination and treatment prior to commencing shift."
"IP was lowering a casualty on a stretcher  when the stretcher dropped a section. The IP caught the stretcher to prevent a fall from the casualty. No discomfort was experienced at the time of the incident, however upon waking the next morning he felt a sharp pain in his lumbar back when bending. "
An employee was removing a cover. As he removed the last bolt and took the weight of the cover he felt a discomfort in his left bicep. He immediately lowered the cover to the ground.
 Driller stepped down off ladder of Water Cart with right foot and stood into a pothole which caused her right ankle to roll/ sprain. Worker was seen by doctor and x-ray ordered. X-ray showed small fracture in right ankle. Worker was put on alternate duties from 4-31/8/13.
Patient presents with a laceration to right hand. States he was rolling a lock ring along the ground. Said lock ring started to fall and the patient grabbed it with a gloved hand resulting in a laceration.
IP stepped of concrete block 40 cm off the ground while holding a fixed chain to support himself. Landing on his left foot
While removing wheel nuts off a truck the rattle gun slipped off one of the nuts jamming left hand between the rattle gun and the wheel motor. 
Tyre Maintainer cuts finger while replacing handler inserts. 
"On August 20th at approximately 06:45am while egressing a tyre handler during a pre start inspection, a tyre fitter has slipped and missed the last step on the access ladder. He has stumbled as his left foot made contact with the ground resulting in pain and discomfort to the lower left back and lumbar region. The tyre fitter reported the incident to his supervisor and was taken to the site EMO for assessment and transferred to Hospital for further treatment."
"While kicking a bush to make a path through for a quad bike, a broken branch penetrated the left calf of IP leg. The gash was 3 inches long and 1/2 inch wide and penetrated down to the muscle. "
"Stepping on the secondary dance floor from rock ledge to ground level, right knee gave way and popped out and back in again. Medial meniscal tear identified in MRI, that was repaired by arthroscopy on 1/10/13. "
Cut to the base of left hand - 25mm long 3mm deep. Taken to  medical assessment the contractor required seven stitches to the cut on his left palm. No damage to the tendon following an ultra sound. The doctor prescribed antibiotics and the contractor was fit for restricted duties specifying that he avoid use of the left hand. A medical review was completed when the stitches were removed and contractor got a final clearance.
"A operator was doing a prestart on an truck when he noticed a slight sprain on his left hand wrist. Organised a medical consultation on the Monday - to wear a soft splint whist at work. A MRI was requested as a precautionary measure. MRI results have shown no fractures, tendon damage or muscle atrophy. The pain symptoms seem to be consistent with ligament damage however this appears to be degenerative, pre-existing or chronic issue (i.e Gout, arthritis, previous injury) which may have flared up from acute small force, as described from the incident. Precautionary CT was ordered by doctor - results state no aneurysm is evident."
"Worker presented with lower back pain in the area. He stated that whilst operating  loader  at 22:00, 15 Oct 13 he jarred his back. Patient was observed to be freely mobile, able to travel in LV and move from seated to standing position while slight discomfort. He stated he experiences sharp pain 8/10 down legs associated with movement. He had full and even range of movement and even gate when walking. Hips, spine and shoulders are level. Pain 8/10 associated with light palpation of lumber tissue. Past Medical History. Worker stated that he had suffered x3 compression fractures to the lower back in 2006. Referred to doctor because of past medical history."
"Fitter in the workshop was tensioning chain when his left ring finger became caught in between a chain and link and recieved a laceration. Cleaned and dressed wound on site, worker was then transported to  hospital for tetanus injection and RN will evaluate need for suture or x-ray if required. The local Dr sutured wound and gave worker a tetanus vaccination."
"Employee had been on-site for 6 days as part of the bollard and chains crew completing the same task which was shovelling spoil away from excavation to reduce amount falling into the excavation, covering hole with ply and erecting A frame barricade. At approximately at 9.30am on 2nd July the employee had sudden lower back pain whilst shovelling a small amount of dirt."
Sore back after opening container freezer door
Right Acromioclavicular Ligament Disruption. Painful ridgt shoulder. Tender over the right scapula area. X-Ray showed no fractures and no dislocations. 
"At about 5:00am on the 31st of August 2013 atruck operator parked at the park-up for a bathroom break. While walking through a windrow opening on their return to the haul truck the operator stepped on a rock, causing them to stumble and roll their left ankle. The environment at the time was dark, with some light in the area from a lighting plant and headlight. The operator was treated for an ankle injury and assigned restricted duties. "
Was moving a step platform back into place after cleaning out a dust unit when his finger got caught between the frame and the dust transfer unit. Laceration to the left middle finger requiring 4 stitches. Was placed on restricted duties
"The worker reported tenderness in left and right wrist and fingers, and was referred to first aid by the Manager, Safety and Environment. When he did not respond to Voltaren, was sent to a doctor who suspected RSI, and a MRI revealed a ganglion in both wrists. He was then placed on a work restriction of lifting 1 kg."
IP injured lower back while twisting and holding onto handrail intending to walk down the stairs
Ip tripped and fell on footpath at camp while collecting washing
Lifting 20kg anfo bags into explosive kettle
"As the operator was driving down the decline in a truck, he drove over a wash out and hit his head on the roof of the cabin causing pain in the neck region"
"Whilst drilling the sample hose on the rig blew out. Tasks were undertaken to replace the damaged part. When the hose had been replaced the blown hose needed to be removed from the worksite. This was lifted by the Offsider with the intention of dragging it out of way. When doing this, the offsider felt a sharp pain in the lower back region."
"Task being undertaken: Changing from drill bit to collaring bit and preparing to collar hole. Driller was running fingers along drill bit buttons, checking for damage, when bit fell through shroud approx 30 - 40cm striking finger against slips table."
A worker reported rolling his ankle on a small rock while working on a drill pad. The worker felt the injury was mild due to minimal discomfort and continued working. It wasn't until he was back in camp at the end of his shift that he felt an increase in pain in his ankle and subsequently notified his supervisor. The worker received first aid intervention from the EMO; was referred for physiotherapy and maintained at work. Whilst on R&R the worker attended a doctor review due to ongoing symptoms. He was diagnosed with a Grade II sprain and medically certified to maintain at work on restricted work duties. Further physiotherapy treatment was recommended.
"IP was working on drill rig, lifting a 10kg alloy crossover sub, item slipped causing a crush action to right middle finger between sub and stationary object. member ceased work, called supervisor and came straight to medic. "
"While stepping off platform on drill rig using steps onto lake surface, felt some soreness in right knee when foot sunk into lake surface a bit. Did not twist (change directions) after placing foot onto lake surface that I can recall."
On the 27/12/13 a fitter had a repair job on drill rig that involved the fitter to climb up onto the drill mast and cut the link out of the feed chain.  had been completed for the task along with a hot work permit and working at heights. Drill fitter had climbed out onto the mast of the drill. As the fitter climbed over the head to get the other side and climb down into the mast the fitter slipped on the wet and greasy surface causing injury to his ankle and right hand. 
"Employee was investigating an event on a crane. After taking several photographs the employee began to traverse down the crane access ladder. As the employee reached the lower rung of the ladder the left foot become ""tangled"" in the rung causing the employee to loose balance and fall to the ground landing on buttocks. Employee felt acute pain in lower back. Emergency Services were mobilised and an ambulance dispatched to the area."
"The work crew for a crane were preparing the work area for the day. Housekeeping duties had been performed and a review  and permits conducted prior to any work commencing. The IP (a rigger) spoke to the crane operator, who was in the cab of the crane, and reminded him that no work was to take place until they had been given approval by their supervisor. The IP then moved to the back of the crane to check on his rigging gear. The IP climbed up the access point at the rear of the crane to check in the rigging box on the rear deck of the crane. At this point, the crane operator started checking the setup of the crane and commenced slewing  from his right to his left not realising that the rigger was standing on the rear steps of the crane. Whilst looking in the box with both feet on the steps of the crane and hands holding the handrails, the IP felt the counterweight of the crane make contact with the back of his left shoulder. The IP immediately lent forward keeping his body in the clear space between the counterweight and the deck of the crane. A nearby worker called out to the crane operator to stop which he did. Once the crane had stopped, the IP climbed down from the access steps and in the process, twisted and knocked his right knee on the crane as he was stepping down. There was no liklihood of a crush injury."
"A telehandler was unloading two counter weights from a truck, the load weighing 930kg. The incident is on a slight hill of 12-15 degrees fall. As the operator has placed the load on the sloping ground it has moved sideways on the left hand side of the forks causing the IP to become caught between the load and a pallet containing other steel components. The forks were all the way down and the pallet has slid approximately 400mm on one side only. "
"The IP was moving small cardboard boxes weighing approximately 10kg each from a pallet outside a storage container onto shelving inside the container. The IP had moved approximately 15 boxes and was in the process of picking up a box from the last layer on the pallet when she felt a twinge pain in her lower left back area. The IP was able to continue unloading the last of the boxes with mild discomfort and then went to lunch. After lunch whilst exiting the crib room, the IP felt significant pain and discomfort in her lower left back and reported to her supervisor."
"IP was working with a team of three, moving boxes of various weights from 9kg - 24kg. He was experienced at the task and had moved approximately 30 boxes since last break. As IP placed a box on a shelf approximately 1.6m high, he felt a pain in his left shoulder. He immediately notified his supervisor and was taken to the Site Medical Centre."
"IP and fellow worker were installing rollers on conveyor. As part of the installation, one employee was using a rubber mallet to tap the rollers in to place while the IP held the roller. The IP moved his hand in to the line of fire and was subsequently hit on the finger by the mallet."
"The IP was working  in a team of two. The IP was rigging up a load on the ground. The IP went to place a set of 9m /16mm chains under the load. As the IP threw the hook of one of the legs of the chains under the load, his little finger on his left hand got squashed between the load and the hook. This resulted in cuts to the front and side of the last phalange of his little finger on his left hand. The IP was wearing new rigging gloves at the time of the incident."
"IP was working with a crane crew for the second day. They were lifting a counter weight. The IP was tasked with obtaining timber gluts to use as packing underneath. The gluts had been moved to improve housekeeping in the area and were stacked on pallets. As the IP made his third trip to pick up gluts he tripped on a glut which was protruding from the pallet landing on his left knee. This has been reported as gradual onset, as the injured person returned to normal duties following the occurrence, as he was not in any pain or restricted movement. The following afternoon the injured person returned to the site medical centre and reported discomfort behind the knee. The site medic referred the injured person off site and flew to Perth on 2nd September. After consultation in Perth, the treating medical practitioner placed the injured person on alternate duties effective 3rd September. "
"IP was working at height aligning roller frames using a ring spanner loosening bolts. As he pulled onthe ring spanner he felt a sharp painin his lower back, then it spread to his leg and hamstring area."
IP was welding for a long period of the night shift (02/07/2013) in an elevated right arm position. The IP did not feel direct pain during the shift hence reporting it the following day when there was an onset of pain in the right elbow. IP attended medical practitioner and ultrasound confirmed tendinosis.
Person carrying a steel beam in a two person lift (carrying on RH Shoulder); stood on a wooden glut walking on route and rolled his left ankle
Worker was accessing a generator to refuel.  When he went to climb over the barricade when he tripped and fell forwards placing his right arm out in front of himself. 
Whilst assisting in a team task of installing counter weight billets (147 kg each)  the IP's fingers have been caught between two billets when a wooden glut supporting the upper billet was moved.
"A boilermaker (Injured Person) was working from the basket of an Elevated Work Platform (EWP) oxy cutting off bolts from a truss section at the head end Conveyor. The Injured Person suddenly felt a ‘heat flash' penetrate the boilermakers glove on his left hand, he immediately stopped work and lowered the Elevated Work Platform (EWP) basket to the ground. The Injured Person (IP) was taken to the site paramedic for an assessment and then driven to the  Health Campus for further treatment."
"Pre-Event A injured person (IP) had setup sand blasting works area on the northern side of a conveyor . Sand blasting activities commenced after pre-start morning and the IP re-filled the 'blast pot' numerous times prior to the incident occurring. After the lunch break the blast pot was moved from its original position closer to the sand blasting activities because the hose would not reach. Event The IP placed a bag of garnet weighing 25 kg upon the handle of the sand blasting pot prior to empting the bag into the hopper. The IP let go of the bag and turned his body to the left to pick up a metal spatula he had placed on a rubbish bin lid. The corner edge of the spatula was used to open the paper bags. While the IP had his back turned, the sand blasting hopper fell over and the handle of the blast hopper made contact with the IP's right foot. Post-Event The IP informed a work college and was taken to the site medic for an assessment. IP was referred to the hospital for X Rays. The X Rays showed a broken bone in his foot. The blast hopper is poorly designed and is easy to tip over. The IP maintained a poorly designed work area. Each garnet bag weighs 25 kg. The IP was loading the hopper on his own. lists manual handling, correct lifting techniques. Does not specifically cover filling the blasting hopper"
"Whilst stepping down from a light truck, the person felt a sharp pain in his right knee"
Patient was working on a shutdown. Patient was pulling a wire rope  in a horizontal direction from his right when he felt sudden sharp pain (7/10) in middle of back just below shoulder blades.
"While walking down a slope, the IP stepped on small rock and rolled ankle"
Operator felt a slight twinge in their left shoulder while lifting screen mats. The next morning the pain had become uncomfortable. Injured person reported history of prior injury 'months ago'. 
Left hand was jammed between crane hook and lifting plate causing a laceration to the webbing between thumb and finger.
A contractor was building scaffold when a 3-5 kg ledger fell from a height of approximately 1 m and struck his left hand causing a comminuted fracture to his little finger. 
"While hammering in sign posts employee felt & heard a ""popping"" sound in right elbow - initally it was of minor pain but became increasingly painful during the night. Injury was not reported until the following morning."
"Pump housing was being lowered onto workshop floor,and needed to be lowered to the horizontial.The sling was slackened to allow the pump housing to be slowly moved into the flat position.The housing was tipped from the vertical position to a point where it could be lowered to the ground. As the sling took the weight of the pump housing again,this weight has jarred through the operators wrist whom was holding the sling"
Loader operator wa walking back from his loader to recover a survey peg position when he hopped over a log and landed ackwardly and twisted his ankle.
Worker squatted down to check drill bit. As he arose he heard a crack in his Left Knee. He was able to walk away at the time but with in a short time unable to walk or weightbear on his L leg.
"Driller rig jammed up and IP ran to the control panel to switch it off, he slipped and the left knee bent inwards"
"On Saturday 20th July the injured person (IP) was starting work underground. He trammed the machine off the wear course into the drive where he has firstly jarred his back because of 200mm step. The IP person hasn't thought much of it as this happens from time to time. He has continue tramming up drive to climb onto existing concrete pile from the day before and proceeded to load (4 buckets) into the IT bucket. The IP has trammed back for the next cut when he has taken the machine a bit too far causing the machine to drop off the pile in a uncontrolled manner. This has caused the excavator to jolt backwards which then the IP has felt pain in his lower back The operator has parked the machine on the high side of the concrete pile. IP informed supervisor of injury. IP was then taken to the medical centre by supervisor. The IP was given medical treatment and then was taken back to camp to rest for the day, monitored at 2 hourly intervals on medical orders."
"Operator loading Road Train. Went into stockpile face and when going for 2nd bit, Operator felt a sharp pain in lower back."
"Fitter was removing brake pack on bogger. When laying it down, brake pack housing fell squashing fitters finger"
"After unloading at the stockyard the IP ommenced doing wheel retorques to  trailer  . While doing retorques, the IP felt a twinge in his back. He believes this has happened as a result of the wheel nut being easier to move than expected."
Gradual onset lower back pain over 7-10 days aggravated by incorrect positioning of seat
Contracted Rotavirus from exposure when assessing and treating an ill worker 
While working a foreign body entered they eye causing irritation. The foreign body was later removed by a Doctor given ongoing irritation.
"IP sustained ""rubbing"" on right foot after prolonged walking caused by new work boots. This rubbing caused a blister and then caused the blister to burst."
"PT presented with pain to the inferior side of his right hand, he had been actuating a a fuel bowser when he felt a ""pop"" in his hand with pain right after"
IP changed the blade on his retractable Stanley knife and then trimmed the edge of a laminated cabinet. IP slipped and sustained a significant wound to the R) index finger.
IP stated he slipped over and outstretched his forearm causing pain and discomfort in his ® forearm
"While engaged in pipe-fitting work IP reported pain in the middle of his lower back. The pipe had been lifted into position using a crane. The work crew then decided to manually move the pipe onto rubber packers. The IP attempted to manually lift one end of the pipe without success. He then attempted to manually lift the other end, in the process he reported that he felt a sudden sharp pain in his back"
"On 20/11/2013 the contractor was accessing a scaffold when his gas monitor alarmed. He walked around the corner and could taste and smell ""something"". He became short of breath and then put on his respirator. He stated feeling a ""bit of nausea"" at the time. When he climbed down the scaffolding he noticed the PPE sign stating that a respirator must be worn in that area. He ate morning tea at 09:30 and stated that he felt ""normal"". He continued working the remainder of his shift on site and did not report to the supervisor. He approached his health and safety advisor on 21/11/2013 stating that he had a headache since the exposure the day before. The contractor also stated that he suffered sinusitis. His supervisor took him to the Hospital Emergency Department where he was given a medical certificate stating that he was fit for restricted work 21/11/2013 to 28/11/2013. He was then advised by his supervisor. The contractor presented to the gatehouse at 16:37 and was reviewed. A baseline set of observations were taken and a spirometry. Both examinations were normal with nil ill effects noted. A second medical certificate was issued 22/11/2013 stating that the worker was fit for full duties on 25/11/2013. Worker on annual leave on the 25/11. Returned to doctor on the 26/11 with headache. Certificate issued, unfit for work from 26/11. Returned to nrmal duties on the 2/12. "
Lifting 10kg weight from ground then twisting and lowering the load onto a roller frame when worker sustained a lower back injury
"IP bent under a control box (approximately 1 meter high) to locate a bolt through a pre drilled hole to secure control box in cabinet. Once the bolt was located and secured with a nut he then went to move out from under the control cabinet shifting sideways from a crouched position to a standing position, as he pushed off with his left foot he experienced a popping sensation followed by a sharp pain in his left knee"
IP was unclipping a trailer from a light vehicle when his arm caught between the towing coupling and the tray of the LV causing a laceration to back of right hand
Fitter was working on a safety step wire brushing paint off welds. The safety step gave way and he lost balance. As he lost balance the angle grinder with the wire disk in it made contact with his left index finger causing a laceration.
"While removing a flow meter from a pipe, one of the two man team was undoing bolts on the flow meter and the other was wriggling a bolt out of the mounting bracket. When the flow meter bolt was undone the pipe slipped in the mounting bracket which was being held by the second worker and crushing the very tip of his finger between the pipe and the bracket. Very tip of finger was severed and treatment required a trim of end of bone and stiches to close end wound."
"On Friday 13th September at approximately 1630 hours three (3) subcontractors were in the process of dismantling a quick stage scaffold at a crusher. The scaffolder involved has proceeded to decomission the final section of thescaffold by working accross the longest face. Whilst removing the final sections of the scaffold at ground level the scaffolder involved has disconnected the centre ledger after the scaffold has started to bow, resulting in three (3) of the four (4) remaining standards to fall from the vertical position. This resulted in one (1) of the standards falling towards the right of the structure and subsequently causing the ledger and standard connected to pin the trade assistant to the concrete structure. Resulting in minor abrasion to the right hand side of his torso. Two (2) conjoined standards have fallen together with the upper section of one (1) of the standards impacting the ground person on the left side of his hard hat, neck and shoulder. Resulting in a three (3) cm laceration to the injured workers head, contusion to the left side of his neck and shoulder. ** Two staples were inserted into the laceration and he was put on Restricted Duties for 5 days he returned to Full Duties on the 19th September."
Employee was flogging coupling bolts with a flogging spanner and 3 pound hammer. Employee placed hand in line of fire and hit the ring finger on his left hand with the 3 pound hammer.
"EMPLOYEE PRESENTED TO MEDICAL CENTRE WITH LEFT KNEE PAIN 24 HRS AFTER CONDUCTING ROLLER CHANGEOUT DUTIES. REPORTED & TREATMENT DAY WAS 13TH NOVEMBER 2013, 24hrs AFTER INITIAL PAIN. PRESENTED WITH PAIN THROUGH POSTERIOR REGION WHEN TWISTING OR BEARING FULL WEIGHT. UNABLE TO CONCLUDE THAT CAUSE WAS CONDUCTING A ROLLER CHANGEOUT."
An underground contractor electrician was injured whilst cleaning out services holes with a pelican pick. The electrician reported he was squatting down to move some rocks and felt a sharp pain in his knee. The person was referred to an orthopaedic surgeon. This has resulted in a diagnosis of a meniscus tear that required surgery of the knee. Consequently the person was totally unfit for work whilst recuperating
"An underground labour hire driller's off-sider was handling drill rods and strained their shoulder. The person attended the doctor and was prescribed anti-inflammatory medication, rest and physiotherapy. The person was placed on alternate duties in Perth"
A truck driver presented c/o a left knee strain (STI) he sustained after he akwardly twisted his knee whilst dismounting his truck.
"Pt is a serviceman and was servicing a vehicle at  a pit when a grease nipple snapped off causing him to throw his hands backwards hitting a locker door in the process. Pt presented to Medical Centre complaining of; Small laceration and swelling to right index finger, O/E Small laceration to bed of nail on right index finger, some minor swelling, nil evidence of high pressure injection injury, Pt's glove was completely intact, Impression; Minor Laceration, with some swelling to tip of finger, Treatment Plan; Wound was cleaned and dressed, 1g Paracetamol 4hrly as required. IP returned later that day concerned that he could have grease in the injury, finger pad is swollen, hard, red in colour and white at the tip. IP finished his swing. Whilst on break his finger was still hurting, Ip went to see his GP. It was then that serviceman was informed there was grease in his finger. This was then cleaned by removing part of finger nail. Serviceman was unable to return to work for day shift due to finger, but returned on nightshift. "
Scaffolder got his left ring and little finger caught in crane pulley while setting up for a crane lift. Worker sustained lacerations to his left ring and little finger. An x-ray showed a fracture of the left little finger distal phalanx. Worker underwent minor operation to internally fixate the fracture and was put on alternate duties from 16/10/13 to 31/10/13. 
Shift Supervisor sustained a tear of his right biceps muscke whilst assisting with manual handling task to remove and restack empty smple bag cages from manitou. Worker was seen by doctor and had MRI. MRI showed tear of biceps. Worker restricted to no lifting > 3kg from 20-31/12/13. 
IP was standing on a concrete crusher pad welding a steel bracket on a conveyor which was located next to the crusher pad. He moved forward and his feet slipped off the the edge of the concrete where there was a 700mm drop down to the ground. His back caught on the corner of the concrete. 
"The injury occured when the person was pulling on a belt, as he pulled he cut his wrist on a worn slider bed that had a sharp edge."
"At approximately 13:00 on Tuesday 23rd July 2013, two contractors were in the process of cutting Truck Trays with oxy-acetylene. The Boilermaker performing the task removed a metal offcut from the Truck Tray to ensure the Truck Headboard could be cut in half. Following the removal of this metal offcut, the Boilermaker has then become entangled in the hoses, and has fallen onto the sharp piece causing a significant laceration to the lower back. The Contractor's colleague has immediately raised the mayday, ERT responded and the IP was sent to  hospital for treatment. Investigation commenced."
"Got out of Drill and put his foot on track instead of foot step, slipped and landed on the groung on L) outer aspect of L)foot. Drop to ground approximately 500mm, but patient used 3 points of contact."
"Whilst guiding the IT operator to install a drill pipe, the operators left arm got caught between the pipe and the rig."
Person felt slight pain in left knee when stepping off loader ladder. He then drove to the Cribroom and reported it to the supervisor. He was asked if he required to attend medical centre. It was a report only due to operater stating he only felt a slight strain and no other effects When he arrived home he noticed swelling of his knee and phoned management to escalate.
Slipped on a rock in the drive and hyper-extended right foot.
Pt was holding plastic E Stop and was drilling through it. pt was stablizing the block with is left hand. as the drill bit passed through the block it grabbed and drilled through webbing of L hand between Thumb and index finger.
Removing hold down bolts (72mm x 2650mm) one of the hold down bolts has dropped approximately 650mm landing on the IP left hand. IP injury: crush to left thumb and amputation to tip of little finger.
"Employee was flattening the chain with the hammer, a small piece of metal dislodged from the chain link and ejected approximately 3 meters into the left leg of the IP. Foreign body in leg, wound excised, forein body removed and sutured."
"Whilst changing over bobcat buckets the securing pins did not release properly. The levers were put back into locking position then re-opened. Left hand pin released only. Bucket was then crowded up & down to see if it would release - bucket was on ground. The bucket was then lifted up off the ground and crowded forward, as this was in progress, IP walked over to look at the rear of bucket - as he lent over to see the pin, the bucket then released and fell off, stricking IP on the left foot."
Stepped off inspection platform and twisted Rt knee. Pain increasing over following hour. Reported to site Nurse. Step in approx 30cm high.
Employee was completing his normal duties on the 25/10/2013. On the 26/10/2013 he woke up with pain in his left hand and reported to the medic. On his rostered days off the employee saw his GP who advised that he should not use any tools that cause vibration nor lift anything over 5kg with his left hand. The employee could still operate plant as per his normal tasks
"Worker was pulling a loaded trolley up a small ramp into an adjacent room when the trolley wheel caught on the lip of the ramp, the trolley upended and the worker fell backwards landing on her backside. Investigation revealed that the trolley had been incorrectly loaded with all the weight on the one end. The worker sustained a laceration to her thumb and bruising and muscle soreness in her back. IP was doing overtime on the day in question, and the accident happened as she was finishing for the day."
"IP was carrying out spotter duties for a semi trailer that was in final stages of turning around having delivered a demountable accommodation unit. Driver was at last point of turn around and had made contact with escort in preparation for driving out of unload area. Spotter who had been clear of truck and in radio contact, for some unknow reason elected to run across and tried to jump up to drivers window by putting one foot onto front bull bar and one foot onto lower truck step. Foot marks and hand mark on door of truch indicate that IP did not get up to window and slipped and fell resulting in prime mover wheel rolling over his right foot. IP called out on radio to move it off his foot which driver did and tehn driver rendered assistance and emergency services and paramedics were called. Full incident site survey being completed along with detailed investigation, witness statements and photographs."
The IP and another worker conducting a two man lift where carrying an estimated 30kg box into position for belt splicing. As the IP was carrying the load the IP lost his footing and he fell over. As the IP fell he kept hold of the box which crushed his right hand little finger against the ground splitting the flesh. The IP was wearing “Grip Sharp” Kevlar gloves at the time of the incident but due to the nature of the injury they were unable to prevent this incident.
"2 steel beams were unloaded from a truck and placed on the ground. The beams were unchained The top beam was landed awkwardly and required re-rigging for movement. As the Dogman performed re-chaining the beam, the top beam moved. The welder (IP) placed their hand on the beam to steady the load The beam moved, crushing top of IP's finger between the beam and a steel pipe."
"While climbing into the cab of the water truck using the grab handle, the handle broke causing the operator to swing back hitting his head on the cab door then sliding down onto backside. Operator was accessing truck using 3 points of contact and was on second step of truck steps when left hand grab handle snapped causing operator to slip resulting in strain to neck and left shoulder."
Plant Mechanic crushed left index finger between scraper plate and loader bucket.
"Two personnel were removing a large fire door on a switch room to replace it. Once the hinges had been unscrewed and whilst removing the fire doors, the IP proceeded to place the large 60-80kg steel covered door on its edge with hinges facing up with workmate. The workmate asked the IP if he was right and as he moved down to the other end of the door. The door slid out underneath the air conditioned bracket and as the IP lifted it back up, it hit the air con bracket which then caused the door to drop back down crushing the IP's finger between the door and his steel cap boot. Partial amputation of R ring ringer tip. Small piece of bone removed (too small to wire on)"
"Small piece of grinder grit in eye from wiping shirt sleeve across eye following earlier grinding of drill bits whilst wearing appropriate PPE. Driller self-administered eye wash and eye drops on evening of 18/09/13. On the following morning the driller drove to pick up a new offsider from the airport as part of his normal duties, while in location he visited the hospital and had the small piece of grinder grit removed before driving back to site."
"Worker was navigating down a rocky embankment, he grabbed on to a rock which became dislodged and subsequently fell onto the top of his foot above the height of the capped toe"
The Worker was conducting a gravity survey along the side of a moderately steep slope while carrying a 7.5 kg gravity meter in his left hand. The Worker stepped sideways to his right while attempting to manoeuvre away from some spinifex bush in his path. The Worker's back leg (left foot) slid on a loose rock which caused him to slip and lose balance on his left leg. The motion from the slip caused his knee to bend outwards in an awkward position. 
Slipped on gravel while attempting to pick up a chock off the road and fell on outstretched hand
Two fitters were undertaking maintenance work on a surface miner when an accident occurred resulting in one fitter sustaining crush injuries and the other being fatally injured. IP was fatally injured from a cab of a surface miner he was working under falling onto him causing fatal crush injuries.
"On the 4th of July the Driller and Offsider pulled up and heard over the radio that co-worker needed an extra Offsider to help assist move drill rods during his hole move. The Driller than instructed his Offsider to walk down to co-workers rig. The Driller than un-isolated the drill rig to turn the lights, then proceeded to complete weekly service. During the service the Driller noticed hydraulic oil coming from the rear seal on the rotation unit. The Driller made a decision to drain the gear oil, to do this he had to first put the drill rods on the bottom of the hole, then remove the Kelly rod from the rod string, and move the carriage back up the feed frame, which would then allow him to roll the rotation unit over to drain the oil. The rods weren't able to be lined up properly once completed so the Driller went to walk down the steps of the jump up stand to return to the control panel, between the 3rd and 2nd step the Driller stumbled and fell forward. As the Driller was about to hit the ground he put both arms out to brace himself and when his right hand hit the ground he felt a sharp pain instantly in his right wrist."
Domestic bent down to pick-up a laundry bag and felt a twinge / minor pain in lower back. Unable to bend without pain the following morning.
"IP strained shoulder after trying to pull start whipper snipper at 1630hrs 18th Oct - on second pull felt sharp stabbing pain to shoulder and reported to the ESO the following day, 19 Oct 2013. Worker had limited range of movement and pain, limiting ability to carry out normal duties."
Industrial cleaner tripped in the Male Toilets whilst conducting cleaning tasks. Employee fell on left hand and wrist. 
"While working on a mill reline, 2 personnel were turning over a mandoor. Using longbars to lever the door to turn over. Upon levering past the pivot point the door has fallen, catapulting the longbar, causing the Person to lose control of his bar. The long bar struck the person in the jaw."
worker rolled left ankle on divet 
IP was in the act refuelling Bus (nozzle in left hand) when IP lost footing on cement step at refuelling bay. IP fell in forward motion with right hand contacting side of bus with hand moving in backwards motion.
IP was walking back to car when she slipped off the kerp and rolled her ankle.
"IP was lifting a heavy mixer bowl with a colleague into a sink for cleaning. When lowering the bowl into the sink, IP's right hand was jammed/crushed between the bowl and the inside of the sink. "
Potwasher was undertaking normal duties whehn she felt a gradual onset of pain in her right elbow with associated pain in fingers and pins and needles in finger tips. 
While undertaking normal duties as a pot washer the IP noticed a gradual onset of mid back and neck pain.
IP woke with central lumbar non-radiating back ache. IP states he had been doing heavier lfting tasks during the previous night shift to what he is normally used to doing therefore the symptoms was deemed to be a delayed onset from the shift prior.
"IP was washing pots when she placed her hand into the sink, water was released and hit IP's hand against the wall of sink with the pot, causing soft tissue injury to right hand."
"SEQUENCE OF EVENTS. On the morning am of the 15/08/13 a truck operator was reversing in under the excavator for another load. While the truck was still in motion in reverse, the excavator operator extended the boom with the bucket coned with heavy clay material. The part of the bucket load fell from bucket and landed in the tray of the truck. The truck driver felt that a big rock had been dropped into the truck. It was identified there was no big rock in the load just clay type material. Loading continued until completion and truck left load out area. It was the last load before meal break and the trucks tipped loads and went to fuel farm for refuelling. It was reported to the supervisor that the injured truck operator was at the fuel farm upset and reporting pain in the neck and mid back area. The supervisor alerted the medic who came and assessed the injured truck operator and treated the injury. The operator did not continue with the shift. The injured truck operator carried out the following night shift and then went out on break. When on break the injured operator had to visit the doctor due to neck and back pain and the Doctor provided the injured truck operator with a 1st Medical which stated the operator was totally unfit for duties as a result of the incident. CONTRIBUTING CAUSAL FACTORS. People Failure to Identify a hazard. The excavator operator dropping the load into a reversing haul truck without warning the truck operator with horn was not identified as a hazard. Lack of communication. The truck operator was not aware of the load being dumped into tray when the truck was reversing as there was no horn signal given. Horseplay involved. From the statement from the excavator operator saying that what you get from being slow and the statement from the other truck operator watching the incident said I quote (I told you id drop a rock on you if you drove slowly). This is a yes there was horseplay involved. It was identified that there was at the time some personal conflict between truck operator and excavator operator. The Work Environment The environment was dark as it was at night. Equipment Material Issues The excavator bucket was loaded (coned was the term utilised) with wet heavy clay material and some fell from bucket when boom was extended over reversing truck. For the amount of material to fall off the bucket without intentionally dumping the load would indicate it was overloaded. Right hand mirror was cracked as identified in the attached prestart and made it difficult to see when reversing. Mirror had been identified in prestart on the 14/08/13 and new mirror had been ordered to be replaced. Procedure Work Method The task requires a standard operating procedure.  Loading Haul Truck Procedure attached. However from the statements provided it was identified as not followed by the excavator operator. The Excavator operator dropped a load into the tray of the reversing haul truck and did not communicate via radio or horn to signal the operator of the truck to stop and brace to receive load. Organisational Factors It is evident from the investigation that the two persons had personal issues associated with working together and management personnel did not identify and manage the situation. BASIC ROOT CAUSE No communication by radio or horn to signal the operator of the truck to stop and brace to receive load."
"IP states on he had to assist to manually remove a tool which was ""stuck in a hole"". The following day during the course of his normal duties he sates he felt discomfort to his right shoulder."
"A jumbo operator was packing up his drill rig in preparation for a move and was attempting to roll up the 1 inch water hose onto a hook on the jumbo. The operator bent over at the waist and lifted a section of the hose while stepping forward. While straightening up his back in the lift, he felt a sharp pain in the lower LH region of his back."
After charge up had completed re-entries and watered down the charge up operator began rolling up the water hoses and the hose became caught on a rock so the operator gave the hose a tug to free it up and in doing so has felt pain in the front side of his left hand shoulder.
Climbed off back steps of underground vehicle and felt a pain to L) lateral aspect of L) knee.
Head /Forehead - Laceration Nose - Suspected Fracture Left Wrist - Suspected Fracture Left Hand - Fingers - Suspected Fractures Ribs (unknown whether L or R) - Suspected Fracture Suspected Internal bleeding
A driller's offsider was removing the BB sub from the rod string which was elevated at greater than twenty nine degrees. He waited for the water to drain as much as possible when the sub released off the string causing it to move backwards rapidly and pushing his left hand into the mid-mast roller. The rig was drilling exploration hole.
rolled right ankle when stepped over a beam
IP was  using rigging equipment when a weld on a lifting lug failed and struck the IP. IP was struck on the hip and suffered a laceration to the left elbow 2.5cm required suturing.
A contractor was high pressue water blasting the wall of an autoclave when he slipped on scale causing the high pressure water to come in contact with his left arm. He sustained a minor injection injury which required surgical debridement and suturing. 
"Work commenced at 3:00 pm - 3 man crew to descale filter tank. Working in filter tank top floor Jack hammering descale Climbed down ladder into tank into raised sand pile, stepped down on to grid mesh in base of tank , sand pile gave way rt foot slipped and rolled ankle laterally ."
A Water Jetting contractor entered the entrainment vessel  to adjust the set-up of the water jetting head. While working inside the confined space he twisted his knee slightly and before exiting the vessel also felt a twinge in his lower back. 
Boilermaker was undertaking the fabrication and installation of grease line line brackets at the top level. The work had been completed and he was moving onto the next section to undertake simular activity. The boilermaker had packed away his tools and started walking  and the toe of his boot came into contact with a section of raised bird wire (installed on the grid mesh to minimise the risk of falling objects) causing him to trip landing on his knee. The employee did not notice the piece of mesh that had become loose creating the trip hazard.
"Deep laceration to back of right hand, minor cut to thumb. Surgery required to determine extent of injury and to clean foreign bodies. No fractures or tendon damage found."
IP felt neck pain after he was in a LV which reversed into tree
He was laying bricks and felt a sharp twinge whilst standing. He stoppped work and rested before reporting to the gatehouse. He was treated with ice and non prescription medication.
"An offsider, with the aid of a second offsider, was pushing the cyclone back into its travelling position on the drill rig for movement to the next drill pad. While pushing on the cyclone the offsiders right foot slipped on some loose ground causing his right knee to twist resulting in pain to the knee "
"The Worker commenced his swing on 21/8/13. On 29/8/13 offsider reported being exhausted after working at the rig (tasks included digging trenches, sample holes etc). On 30/08/13, the Worker drove truck to Town to pick up 2 tyres from the tyre shop (2 tyres were loaded to the truck by forklift). From the workshop, offsider decided to buy lunch in Town shopping centre. After Lunch, the offsider felt a twinge in his back while he walked back to the truck. The back pain increased in severity during the drive back to camp."
IP hammering build up on side walls of chute. Excess build up gave way from wall and slipped onto (L ) ankle
Injury sustained while trying to pull start pump for dewatering operations. The Injured person didn't realise the injury had occurred at the time and it was reported to his supervisor at the beginning of the next shift. Injured Person was sent to Town for diagnostics.
"employee stepped out of vehicle, walked to back of vehicle when he stepped in a soft dirt filled hole, causing him to lose balance, fall backwards and hit his shoulder on the tray of the vehicle."
"Maintainer had been installing guarding onto conveyor, when the maintainer lost grip and the guard has slipped to ground. Maintainer right hand thumb has been struck in the guarding at the time of the incident."
"Injured work has sustained a tear to his left shoulder rotator cuff tendon. THE FOLLOWING WAS COPIED/PASTED FROM COMM-604-486620 ""Incident long text: The Operator was laying on the ground on his right hand side attempting to remove material from under with a pelican pick when he felt a 'pop' noise from the LHS of his neck followed by sharp pain down his LH arm. The Operator reported injury immediately to his supervisor. Investigation has revealed that this is a routine task however is best performed with a water truck and hose. Pre-task hazard assessment was inadequate in this case and operator could have taken the opportunity to review task with Supervisor before starting. There is also a focus on ensuring operators are as prepared as possible through appropriate stretching at start of and throughout shift."""
Employee was repairing eng oil cooler bypass tube leak on  dump truck. Positioned between engine and chassis was undoing retainer bolts and as a 3/8 UNC bolt tension was released he felt discomfort in knee and suspected a dislocation. He lowered himself to the ground and summoned the nearest person over to assist. His assistant then helped him out from under truck and then went and notified the shift supervisor. ESO was then contacted and taken employee to onsite medical clinic for review via onsite ambulance. Employee was admitted to Perth for review and further assessment. Employee was booked for MRI scan and put on restricted work duties. 
"Employee was spotting when he took a step back and tripped over protruding stabiliser leg, landing on left shoulder."
Fitter was removing a stabiliser pin using a slide hammer to drive the pin out of the frame of grader. This required the continuous hammering of the pin for approximately 5-10 minutes at which point the fitter felt pain in right arm. Stopped work and reported
"A Fitter was using a Rad gun (large rattle gun) to undo a steering ball joint when the injury occurred. As they were trying to lift the tool up to engage with the ball joint nut, it appears they have activated the trigger and the tool has turned catching their left hand against part of the truck frame."
"Working in engine bay of truck removing engine oil cooler, removing it from seals when it suddenly moved catching little finger between it and engine block."
"A "" Drillers"" offsider was driving a company ute and turned off the main haul road onto the x track. The following stretch of track was straight and there were wheel ruts with standing water. The ute hit a puddle in the wheel ruts, slipped and lost control. The driver could not straighten the vehicle and the ute veered left into the roadside winrow (approx. 30 cm high). The vehicle hit the winrow, tipped onto its side, and then onto its roof. The offisder was able to exit the vehicle. There was no response on radio, no satellite phone and no personal phone. The offsider walked 4.3 kilometres to rig to report the incident. "
"At Approximately 23:15hrs on the 09/12/2013 an incident occurred where an individual was trying to set up mining vehicle  on equipment stands so the leaking pos height adjustment cylinder could be changed out. IP noticed that the machine had become stuck on the corner of the stand. Using a spotter IP gave direction to move machine so stand could be removed, subsequently the stand released unexpectedly and hitting IP in the face causing him to fall backwards. Paramedic attended the scene, patient had visible nose displacement, lacerations to the upper check and tongue and also a contusion to the back of the head. Patient was transferred to the medical centre where he was further assessed and pain managed until RFDS arrived at approximately 09:00hrs 10/12/2013 and transferred to  Hospital for further assessment. DMP Inspector notified."
"While cleaning the slag off a weld on a section of repaired rail with a sledge hammer and block splitter, a metal shard was dislodged from the block splitter and embedded in the technicians lower left leg."
"Following the completion of a maintenance task , Fitter 1 informed the Operator that he wanted to rotate equipment to ensure absence of any obstruction. The  Operator crouched down to remove the safety pin and Fitter 1 has positioned his right foot onto the chamber edge with the toe of his boot overhanging and begun rocking the rotor by hand to help release the safety pin. The safety pin has then released and the rotor has rotated in a clockwise direction crushing Fitter 1's overhanging boot between the  bar and the chamber just above the steel cap of his boot. Fitter's right foot caught in pinch point, resulting in traumatic amputation to large toe, partial amputation and partial de-gloving to second, third and fourth toes, with small toe intact."
Shot Firer  felt lower back pain while moving witches hats in preperation for a blast. IP states he was walking along picking up cones with his left arm and placing them into a stack under his right arm.
IP slipped on uneven ground resulting in back and leg pain. IP initially had back pain but during the night it became more intense and presented to the medics then next day.
"Injured serviceman explains that @ 10:15 this am he was draining the hub on a heavy vehicle when oil from hub came out under pressure landing on him and all over the floor. He states that he walked towards his tool box to pick up a rag and slipped in the oil on the ground striking left knee with some force, patient states that he was in great pain and remained in the place where he fell and called for assistance. "
Fitter was changing a bogie pin on a dozer when he pulled on the bar and it struck his L) knee causing pain and bruising at the workshop.
"Contractor was walking out of toilet when he slipped and landed on left knee, causing immediate pain."
At approximately 0950 22nd August 2013. A service crew were undertaking vent bag repairs in the decline area. It was noticed by the IT operator that vent bag in the decline was coming way from the knocker line. The IT (integrated Tool) operator positioned the IT with two persons in the IT basket at the vent bag so the service crew could undertake repairs. The IT basket crowed down very quickly resulting in IP sustaining a laceration to the palm of his right hand.
At approximately 0950 22nd August 2013. A service crew were undertaking vent bag repairs in the decline area. It was noticed by the IT operator that vent bag in the decline was coming way from the knocker line. The IT (integrated Tool) operator  positioned the IT with two persons in the IT basket at the vent bag so the service crew could undertake repairs. The IT basket crowed down very quickly resulting in IP suffering a large contusion to her left leg.
Worker was hit on back of let thigh by a hose under tension in the underground. He then fell onto his back and did not sustain any other injuries. The pressurised hose was attached to a drill rig and came apart at a join.
"The injured person with another 2 service crew members had extended 110mm water and air line into the drive. They went back to the isolation valves to turn the services back on. The other service crew member in the basket turned on the air valve, once the valve was turned on a joiner 7m from the isolation valve that they had just installed blew apart blasting the injured with air and debris which left the injured with a cut to his right eye ball. The injured was taken to the hospital for treatment kept in overnight and released at 10am 14th December. He is being travelling to Perth today for follow up checks with the doctor. "
"Surveyor was walking down steps to lower  admin car park. The surveyor has stepped onto the concrete pad with left foot half on concrete and half on dirt, whilst this motion was occurring has felt the left ankle starting to roll inwards so shifted weight onto right foot without realising it wasn't on stable ground causing right ankle to roll completely inwards."
"On the 9th November at approximately 1420hrs, a contract electrician was exposed to an arc flash while replacing a contactor within an electrical cubical.  A 415v wire has broken away from its lug connection on the live side of the isolator making contact with the rear of the cubical. The IP suffered second degree burns to his left hand, upper left forearm and nose. He had flash-like effects to his vision and there was initial concern over injury to left eye. His vision has since returned to normal and there is no permanent damage or scarring."
The employee was assisting a Bogger Operator in the removal of a rock that was jammed on the arm of the Bogger. The employee was using scaling bar to manouver the rock. On completion of task he noted abdominal pain. The employee attended site medical facility and was diagnosed as recieving an abdominal hernia that pretruded via an old hernia scar. The employee attended further examination in Perth where he recieved treatment and has been placed on restricted duties. The injury has not resulted in a lost time injury.
"Employee was cleaning out underground sump, during manouving of a sump pump scratched left hand on grate. Employee attended site medical facilities that morning prior to flying off site on R&R. Scratch was cleansed. During R&R employee developed an infection which has developed to the individual requiring surgical debribing, cleansing and antibiotic treatment."
"On the 17th December 2013 at 09:15 hours,  an Operator was tasked to attend the surface to assist a colleague in the removal of rock weight mass from the belt due to a blockage. IP attended the job and removed guarding and commenced the task of clearing rock. Video evidence has highlighted that the employee positioned himself standing with one foot on the striker rail and then placed the other on top of the conveyor belting. He then went to position himself right of the guarding upright support. Instead of stepping down from the striker rail to conveyor walk platform, he tested the guarding upright support by pulling on it to confirm stability. He then levered himself toward the right using the upright support as a lever when failure of the upright support occurred, causing the employee to fall backward, striking his back on the platform hand rail and falling to ground from a height of 3.7 metres. His colleague turned and noted he had fallen and undid his harness and went to his aid. Site emergency response personnel were deployed to the scene. Employee was managed on site and further transferred via RFDS to  Hospital for further medical assessment. Scene secured, DMP Inspector notified via phone. Preliminary investigations commenced. Employee was released from  Hospital with only minor injuries. "
"While attempting to fix dropped out V-screens on the  tanks, operator has dropped the gate to build up pressure. When the operator manually lifted the gate he has strained his right arm."
The electrician was positioned on a ladder using an electric grinder to cut out rusted sections of a cable tray. As he and was cutting through the metal the grinder grabbed and kicked out of his hands. The grinder start switch was locked on and the operating grinder passed down his chest leaving a superficial mark before slicing a 3 inch wound in the lower right side of his abdomen.
"Operator was check scaling a rock off a wall from an IT basket. After approximately 10 minutes of trying to scale the rock, the operator felt a sharp pain in the right front of his shoulder."
Operator had been in machine / engine transmission area kneeling and reaching in all different directions and positions to change out a hose. This was for a duration of about 3 hours. Also up and down ladder of machine to get tools etc. Felt a little twinge in knee but no continuance of pain. Woke up in afternoon for next nightshift and knee was swollen and sore. 
"Employee was assisting a colleague move a sleeper into position in the Fixed Plant Stacking Area Workshop, when he felt a sudden sharp pain in his upper right arm. At the time employee was pulling the sleeper."
"The employee strained his elbow whilst opening a leg bin gate to release the fertiliser. The gate had become jammed due to the poor condition of the bin caused by the corrosive nature of the fertilizer. The employee was required to unjam the gate, which process requires the employee to apply excessive force onto the tool used to open the gate. "
Employee was beginning the daily task of checking the oil in the Lube Truck. He lifted the truck cab and completed the task. After task was complete employee developed pain in his upper right arm. Employee reported to the Medical Centre and received treatment. He was placed on restricted duties. 
"Employee has suffered no specific trauma to his arms/wrists. Due to the repetitive nature of his duties as a Trade's Assistant, he has suffered a gradual onset of pain to both left and right wrists. Has been diagnosed with carpel tunnel. The employee was able to carry out his normal role from the reported date up until his surgery which was on 12/09/2013. Employee required surgery in both wrists for carpel tunnel. Related to IN-115-151107"
"Whilst traveling between 2 work locations with loader, the operator had to take evasive action when a vehicle approached at speed towards him. The operator called on company radio system to All Site prior to commencing travel and once again at the half way point to warn others of his travel route. He steered off the road way onto area adjacent to the road and in doing so this action caused his body to be jerked within the seat confines. Operator was wearing seat belt and traveling in third gear at 14kph as it was an uphill climb. He didn't identify vehicle as it had passed before he could turn around and view vehicle. He finished his travel and then went into lay down as it was end of shift, upon getting to lay down he notified leading-hand of incident."
"Whilst recovering a drill string, employee was uncoupling drill rods by manually undoing the threads with an 18"" Stillson Wrench. In the process of doing this, the thread jammed and would not unscrew. The Employee then applied more force and felt a sharp pain in his right elbow."
"Employee was operating a excavator and developed lower back pain just above the sacrum over the course of the shift. He reported to the Medical Centre for treatment. Not Restricted. Employee reported increasing back pain on December 13 2013, was reviewed by Company Doctor and given time off and then placed on restrictions."
LOW BACK STRAIN. Sunday 14 July - replacing  drain valves on a header. Multiple valves to lift into place. Crouched for prolonged periods of time and moving valves in a sideways fashion to hook onto chain block. Felt a little sore by the afternoon of same day. Reported to group leader by phone at approx 18:00hrs on the day of shift. Reported to Medical Centre on return to work after days off and after back pain persisted.
"CONTUSION R) LOWER BACK. inside filter  hood, squatted near doorway, large piece of scale has fallen about 2.5m and struck IP on the back."
"STRAINED LEFT CALF MUSCLE. Stepped across shallow spoon drain. Over extended Left heel on edge of drain, felt popping in muscle.03/07/13 IP was changing over  pumps and went to open a suction drain valve, IP stepped over a small spoon drain in the immediate area to access the valve and felt pain in left calf muscle. "
"CONTUSION AND LACERATION LEFT THUMB. Hit top of screwdriver with hammer, glanced off and caught side of left thumb."
" Thermal burn: Prodn operator was trouble shooting a restriction in  pump pipework.  It appears that scale got caught in the valve when the operator was closing it and deflected the path of the condensate outlet jet. Thus hot condensate contacted the operator's front left thigh. Operator went immediately under safety shower within 20 sec and remained x10+min while waiting for the ambulance to arrive. While under the shower, he contacted the control room via radio and the ambulance was called. "
Strain/sprain to lower back. IP had been de-tubing heater on all day Saturday. Noticed painful lower back on waking Sunday morning - worsening. Awkward job lifting pulling carrying. No sudden onset of pain with any particular movement. 
"Sprained right ankle. Employee was working with a maintenance team conducting mechanical repairs to  conveyor. At approx 11am employee was descending ladder from conveyor to floor then onto grating to a second level and felt a twinge in his R) ankle. Continued to work. At approx 1330-1345 employee was on ground floor  having just completed the rigging of a load to be lifted into the building, looking up at crane to monitor the lift the employee stepped backwards onto a hose laying on the floor and felt R) ankle ""go over."" Hose was being utilised by  contractors working in tank. Employee reported incident to his immediate supervisor then procedded to Medical Centre for treatment."
"Stepping over pipe with the intention to attach air hose to overhead coupling, As stepped over front pipe struck right thigh against valve operating handle which was fully open. Dropped air hose and felt pain, assistance provided by colleague to sit down and seek medical help. "
"Employee was walking down the stairs from unit  to office. As IP put foot down, on reaching the bottom of the stairs he rolled his R ankle.13,a numb feeling was felt in right ankle "
"Operator using a 7lb hammer Intermittently for about an hour while trying to close a number of valves and felt sharp pain left hand middle back.  IP encountered difficulty early opening a  valve 5 turns due to it being stiff and hard to operate. He also  struggled with shutting a second  valve and after sometime he  had to hammer it off extensively. When IP hit the locking bar on the third valve for the last time he went to put his hammer down and at this point he felt a sharp pain in his mid back region, he immediately knew he was in trouble and when he tried to take in air he felt a lot more discomfort and pain."
Operator working  hosing down while house keeping hose came in contact with pipework and splash back occurred causing chemical burn to face. IP was bent over with hose   when he accidently lifted hose slightly and splashed back at him. 
While working on a valve in the maintainer stood up and hit his head on pressure gauge located above where he was working in doing so he feels that he has jarred his neck.
The patient was using a hose to wash away debree from a pipe the had a valve removed and a work mate was jack hammering the side of the pipe to loosen and free the blockage when the blockage / restriction let go covering the patient in process fluid and knocking on to his back.
Continuous hammering over the past 10 months has caused continous annoying aching pain.
"CONTUSION RIGHT MIDDLE FINGER -  Attempting to operate an injection plug valve. Handle to valve missing so used 12"" spanner to operate. Spanner slipped and Right middle finger tip was caught between spanner and adjacent pipework. IP was cleaning out tray underflow. He was re-establishing flow so he turned the injection off. There were no standard functional handles in the area so he used a 12 inch spanner to operate the valve. The valve was stiff to operate which required additional force to move. Whilst moving the valve the spanner slipped off and the IP fingers sstruck against the adjacent pipework"
"STRAINED LEFT SHOULDER. Operating stiff  valve. Felt twinge in the shoulder, progressively worsened throughout the night. Did not report until on his way home from nightshift."
"Working  lower level, doing pump changes this morning. Using 1"" rattle gun and manual hammering. Felt a ""twang"" and shoulder has been sore since.~. 7am- 3 person team had completed 2  pump changes and proceeded to the 3rd (each pump change consists of closing drain valve with ~6 hammer strikes and then opening drain valve with ~6-12 hammer strikes. Drains are at shin height, at 45 deg. angle). Individual went to open drain valve on 3rd  pump and felt twinge in left shoulder. Continued on with task and completed another 3 pump changes with work group. However the twinge gradually increased in discomfort , particularly when arm raised to shoulder height or required to exert force on equipment. By 7:30am the pump changes had been completed. 8:30am the individual reported to the Medical Centre with left shoulder pain."
"Abrasion and bruising to left knee and middle two left fingers after employee tripped over hose , while he was bending forward to go under the cable tray. While hosing on west side of  conveyor(between conveyor and cable tray) employee tried to re-position himself dragging a hose which caught on concrete plinth also catching his right foot causing him to trip over and fall to the concrete floor. He subconsciously shut off hose as he was falling causing him to fall on his hand and knee alkwardly. After initially remaining stationary while in pain then proceded to the vehicle to rest for a short period before returning to supervisor  to report the incident."
Employee was riding a pushbike between two areas on site. As he turned the bike to the left the wheel slipped on the wet road and he fell heavily on his left elbow. 
"While Boxing up  Mill after reline, the fixed feed chute tray is lowered down so that the mobile feed chute can be fitted into place. Two employees lowered the tray, one removed the chain block after it was lowered. The tray requires two persons to push it back into place after chain block is removed, both employees walked between the mobile feed chute and the mill  to prepare the tray to be pushed back. Injured employee did not see the tray at head height and walked into the tray, knocking his head through his helmet."
"Employee was working on a pump. The task was to replace the packing. Whilst removing the packing out of the pump (which was scaled which made removal harder), the packing was stuck and he had to exert additional force to remove it. He yanked on one round of packing and it didn't move, and he felt immediate pain in his right elbow. "
Employee was working on heater. The heater required approximately 70 heater tubes replaced which took approximately 6 hours which also included using a rattle gun. The heater tubes are manually pulled/handled as the Mandrel/Tube Puller removes them from the heater. The tubes tend to get stuck on the Baffles/Tube Sheeting which causes jarring and vibration along the tube as it's being pulled. IP did not experience any pain at the time and woke up at 2am the following morning with pain to left elbow.
"Employee was walking around to inspect some lifting equipment. As he walked between a verandah post and the equipment, he failed to observe a mandrill that was protruding out and tripped over. The employee had his right hand in his pocket and landed onto his right side, causing bruising to his forearm and rib area."
"Swinging blanks to close position, there was scale in the pipes which was descaled using rivet buster, rattlegun (2 blanks each were openend), Ip had shoulder discomfort prior to this task and had been self mananging, Discomfort was present whilst doing the task and after task, at this point the IP present to Medical Centre to get advice on management of shoulder discomfort."
"After completing boiler making duties (welding) & rattle gun, hammering, alignment, mud header, lifting a bucket of bolts (20KG Approx) on & off for a couple of weeks pain started running up the length of the (R) arm."
With the reclaimer parked at the trailing cable crossover IP was in the process of completing washing mud from of the trailing cable prior to it being driven onto the Transfer Cart. IP slipped  in mud and hurt his back.
"Opertaor had Just finished hosing press and turned off spray bar water, when valve handle slipped off valve stem causing operator to lose balance and fall against the ladder rail."
"IP was driving the forklift returning from the main workshop drop point, going back to stores through the boom gate. The forklift ran over what looked like a cut off bollard cemented into the ground. The other side of this bollard there was a depression in the bitumen. This jolted the IP's back. IP had minimal discomfort at the time but it has slowly increased since this time."
"Whilst opening a manual valve which was tight and required excesive force to open. The operation of valve required the IP to use some initial force in order to crack the valve of its seat, at which point the IP felt something let go in right shoulder."
"During process cleaning of heater. IP was closing a valve at head height, pushing upwards, using a bar for extra leverage (valve moves 90 degrees to close or open). Felt a twinge left sided thoracic area of back. "
"IP was working inside a vessel and  stepped over a pole thinking the floor was wet with water, as soon as put weight on foot IP slipped over sideways landing on right shoulder. IP felt immediate pain but the pain had gone by the time he got back to on feet. The next morning when IP got out of bed my right shoulder was really painful."
"Hosing down went to Move piece of pipe1.8mt x 75mm ,and felt pain to left lower wrist. IP was hosing up a spill from pump failure when IP went to move a piece of pipe by lifting and pushing it.IP noticed pain in his left wrist."
A Tradesman was removing bearing housings from a conveyor pulley. He had undone all of the Labrynth securing cap head screw except the bottom one which he was having trouble getting the allen key to enguage in the head and was particularly stubborn.The Tradesman knelt down on the concrete floor on his Left Knee to get a better line of vision and access. He felt pain in left knee immediately.
Whilst taking out tank out of circuit the IP had been jack hammering and lifting heavy doors all morning. Whilst holding a door in place for the other operator the IP's (R) elbow felt a bit different like there wasn't enough strength in grip. Then whilst pushing the wheelbarrow back IP felt discomfort in (R) elbow again. Afterwards IP was walking back to building and felt an ache in (L) shoulder. 
"Whilst IP was checking scaffold access around the job and what sized tools would be required, IP went up the scaffold and while ascending the second ladder on the scaffold IP's head struck pipe work which was in the line of ascension near the very top of the scaffold. "
"Heavy hammering over past several weeks have increased pain right elbow, especially on extension of right arm."
After using Rivit buster for aprox 4 hours at various positions and heights A sudden onset of sharp burning pain occoured in right shoulder. 
He was working at the top of building moving a cabinet which weighed probably in excess of 150kg. The cabinet tilted forward striking him on the head and settled on his chest pinning him to the ground. He called out for help and colleagues lifted the filing cabinet. They then assisted to walk him to the lift and out of the building to a vehicle which took him to the medical centre.
Whilst installing pipe work the IP turned to walk and retrieve bolts and foot has made contact with small bit of steel protruding from the ground causing a trip resulting in painful elbow.
"Rad gun and rattle gun being used to install bolts and torque ti spec. Repetitive motion raising ,twisting and lowering rad gun to move to next stud. Elbow raised to 90 degrees then lowered to 60 degrees while operating rad gun. Resulting in sore right elbow"
"Major task for the day was to clear a blocked  line. The crew (4 off) split flanges on the sand line to allow water flushing to clear the line. The crew returned to bolt back up theline. The flanges were pulled back together with the all terrain forklift. To completely line up the flanges, the IP used a crowbar to align faces fully to put bolts in - to move an inch or so - one movement and felt a slight pain around his side/back. The IP did not report any issue during the catch up at the end of shift on 28/12/13. The pain got worse overnight which the IP reported at  the toolbox on 29/12/13"
"Patient stated that he was using a 1/2 inch rattle gun with a uni/joint attachment, when he felt a sharp pain in his left wrist. Was working with tradesman sharing the load to remove bolts on drain valve. Was reaching under to remove side bolts when he felt a the twinge in wrist."
"Employee accessed the inside forklift by grabbing the protection frame that surrounds the forklift operators head, this is the accepted manner to access this forklift, when the operator pulled themself up to the seat, they felt a pulling/tearing on the inside of the elbow. Immediately reported to the supervisor who transported the employee down to the medical centre."
"cleaning a screen box full of rocks and scale and hosing would not clear it all out so IP then scraped out the rocks and scale by hand to clear the screen, he then closed the screen box door and started to hammer the luggs when he noticed some pain in the right hand, then removed his glove to discover the chemical burn."
"Tasked with the removal of the west end or inlet/outlet IP was about to undo the second nut, which was positioned above his head requiring him to raise his arms to place the hex head onto the nut. As the IP was operating on the south side of the head his left hand was situated on or around the pistol grip/ trigger mechanism whilst his right hand was placed on the reaction arm. (Note- The IP is right handed). During the positioning of the RAD the IP was seen to be wriggling the gun so as to get it to fit on the nut head. It was during this process that the IP accidently activated the trigger resulting in the reaction arm moving catching his fingers on his right hand between it and the heater head."
"IP, electrician was opening the isolator for a  pump motor when a flashover occurred in the isolator cabinet. This blew the out the front of the cabinet and resulted in the electrician receiving a fractured middle finger and superficial burns to parts of his lower right arm and face."
Putting on work boots and bent over and felt pain in lower back. Boots stored in locker. Ip retrieved boots and sat on bench to put on boots. Both boots were on when he went to tighten the laces on the second boot felt a twinge in the back. 
Went to lift tool bag off floor onto the bench and experienced pain in left shoulder immediately. Pain progressing over shift.
"Two people were closing the door from vertical to horizontal - door is steel hinged approx 1m x 1m and 15 kg. The door was in the vertical position, slightly beyond the point of balance. Standing to one side of the door the IP disengaged the locking arm on the door allowing the door to close under its own weight and controlled it using his right hand. IP reacted when he thought the door was dropping. This reaction caused his left hand to come in contact with the door under force, cutting open the pad of his left hand."
Employee assigned to separate the trommel door from the mill for ventilation during planned chute maintenance using an electric winch. The IP was unable to source the operating lead for the winch and elected to use a 1.6 tonne pull lift to complete the operation. At the start of the operation he had to use both hands on the pull lift lever to break the scale seal between the mill and the door. About 1 metre out from the mill the door became harder to move and when the IP applied extra force he felt a sharp pain in his left shoulder. 
"While working in tank, replacing spools IP was working in a tight space doing up the bottom bolts of a spool using a rad gun. Bending down, his backside came in contact with hot pipe-work causing him to react. IP's finger caught between the reaction arm and spool. IP did not realise he had cut his finger as there was very little pain. It was not until he finished the job and took his gloves off did the extent of injury become evident. "
While operating a valve close to the ceiling on top of scaffolding IP was moving towards the valve to open it when he struck his head on an RSJ above the opening causing him to fall backwards jarring his neck.
"Working on a night shift hammering intermittently all night with  tight suction valves on screen boxes. Felt a slight niggle in the right elbow. IP switched to using his left hand /arm more instead of the usual right hand / arm on the following night when he was conducting additional work opening multiple valves and spigots. Pain was not significant at the time, but noticed the following morning the pain had intensified."
Hammering in the process of bringing mill on line felt sudden pain in L) Shoulder.
"Employee was operating grader initially in pit from 7am - 10am and then grading road. Employee climbed out of grader to stretch just after 10am before starting haul road grading. While grading a section of road, employee was alerted by two-way radio by a truck operator approaching from the front seeking permission to pass the grader just before midday. As employee was working on a section of haul rd that had a slight bend he turned to look behind him check for any other traffic in the area before giving the all clear to pass because the view from the grader mirrors was limited. It was when he twisted in the seat to look behind him he felt a sharp pain in the middle and slightly to the left of his back. Employee reported the incident immediately to his supervisor and slowly made his way back to the park up, Due to the severity of pain employee was experiencing the ambulance was called and took employee to  medical center for treatment. "
In process of removing hydraulic hoses from underneath dozer to gain access to main driveshaft. Awkward body placement in congested area when pushing on large spanner (1-5/8) to loosen hose felt sharp pain in left inner forearm area.
Picking up skid steer loader with truck. Opening truck tailgate when it dropped and trapped finger causing laceration to left thumb
Employee was lifting a 20lt drum of oil from the back of the ute and felt sharp pain in right shoulder.
Employee was driving a scraper off a stock pile when the front wheels dropped 600-700mm off the end of the stock pile that had been stripped across the base. Employee immediately felt pain in hi neck and a headache began shortly after. Reported to the medical centre for treatment.
"Whilst loading haul trucks with excavator, employee felt pain in mid right side of back."
S_13117215 Gradual onset of adominal pain after being on service truck duties for the day
Changing out rollers on conveyor and has progressively experienced pain in shoulder. Notified supervisor and presented to medical centre for review.
The injured person was working on a drill rig platform operating a set (2) Pipe spanners trying to undo the Barrel assembly he pivoted on his R ankle to get leverage and apply his body weight to aid in breaking the barrel assembly. The barrel assembly broke lowering him back down and landed on an awkward angle on the pivoted ankle. The injured person sustained a spiral fracture to the Right Distal Fibula. 
Person lost their footing and slipped down newly installed stairs at the crusher.
Fitter was removing the top wedge of fixed liner with lifting device. Wedge became stuck so used hammer to free it up when a piece of metal chipped off & entered Fitters third finger on left hand.
"Person was stripping scaffold at the tail end. He stepped off the scaffold, about 400mm from the ground. The ground gave way and he came down with all his body weight onto the left ankle which rolled in underneath him."
"On Monday 30th December at approximately 13:30 hrs, a tyre fitter was unloading an elevated work platform (EWP) from a tilt-tray truck, when the basket of the EWP struck the ground forcing the EWP basket handrail against the machine's boom, pinching the tyre fitter's right hand pinkie and ring fingers. The employee sustained bruising as a result of the incident and was referred to the medical centre and subsequently to an offsite hand specialist for further review. The employee's hand was x-rayed and no fractures or further injuries were observed."
"While mounting a temporary hand rail on a large liner plate, an employee's left foot was trapped under the plate."
"2 individuals injured due to mechanical failure of a charge basket during production charging in a drawbell. They had 1 ring and 1 hole remaining at the time of the accident. The employees had just returned from filling up the emulsion tank and completed charging the remaining half hole from when they ran out of product. They were in the process of moving the basket to line up with last hole on that ring. The clevis pin on the basket tilt cylinder failed (walked out of the boss and cylinder eye), tipping the basket forwards, resulting in both employees being thrown from the basket at a height of approximately 2.25m above ground level. "
"2 individuals injured due to mechanical failure of a charge basket during production charging in a drawbell. They had 1 ring and 1 hole remaining at the time of the accident. The employees had just returned from filling up the emulsion tank and completed charging the remaining half hole from when they ran out of product. They were in the process of moving the basket to line up with last hole on that ring. The clevis pin on the basket tilt cylinder failed (walked out of the boss and cylinder eye), tipping the basket forwards, resulting in both employees being thrown from the basket at a height of approximately 2.25m above ground level. "
IP was exiting LV when felt sharp pain right lower back
Puncture wound to left lower leg when hit by bolt on sling
"IP after caught between tray of LV & IT basket. On the morning of the 15th of November at the end of Night Shift, an employee was pinned between the front of an IT work basket and the rear of a Dual Cab Light Vehicle (LV) as they leant over into the work basket to retrieve a tool bag. Arrangements were made between the LV Operator and another Service Crew member to reverse the LV back to the stationary work basket so the tool bags could be loaded in to the tray of the LV. A passenger in the rear of the LV exited the vehicle to retrieve their tool bag from the work basket. The passenger then walked into the line of fire and stood directly between the reversing LV and the stationery IT. Leaning over the work basket, the employee was struck by the reversing LV and sustained bruising to the lower torso."
"INCIDENT DESCRIPTION: A maintenance fitter was using a grinder fitted with a flapper disc in the boiler maker workshop. While holding the piece of metal with his left hand and using the grinder in his right the grinder slipped and made contact with his left hand. IMMEDIATE ACTIONS TAKEN: The injured fitter received medical treatment, and was sent offsite for assessment."
"A conveyor blocked up with excessive product which resulted in the shear pin breaking. The side covers on the chain conveyor were removed to allow the product to be hosed out. The supervisor then completed the final inspection of the area. While this was occurring, product has falled from the upper level, which resulted in some positive displacement of dust from the open covers. The dust generation has resulted in some foreign material entering the supervisor's eye between the face and the safety glasses. Immediate Actions Taken - 1. Commenced flushing of the eyes at eye was station 2. Reported to first aid for additional treatment and assessment 3. Transported to regional hospital for follow up assessment 4. Area taped off to restrict access 5. On call personnel notified"
"Walking along uneven ground with a bit of water in drive, placed left foot on ground and knee went backwards. Copied & Pasted from attachment under other information: Re : IN-101-155664 IP – Additional Information IP's incident occurred on 5/10/13. He was seen to and treated by, the Site Nurse, as he had swelling and pain in his knee, as well as a slight clicking sound. The Nurse put him on some restrictions such as no squatting or kneeling, but as this didn't affect his normal daily duties, he continued to work. The pain and swelling dissipated shortly afterwards, although the slight clicking continued and was expected to disappear with time. On 6/11/13, on rising from bed, IP could hear a grating sound from his knee which wasn't there before. He felt no pain or discomfort and there was no swelling. During the period 7/11/13 – 26/11/13, IP saw the Site Nurse, his GP and a Specialist whose diagnosis was, IP needed an Arthroscopy. During this time, he was still doing his normal daily duties. "
Truck driver had received two loads at the loading bay when he noticed a rock had fallen onto the transmission cover of the truck. He parked up and climbed onto the top of the truck where he preceded to remove the rock from the transmission cover. While lifting the rock he felt a pain in the neck. Rock was approximately 20kg.
A Process Technician while performing housekeeping duties around the crushing circuit has attempted to move a 44 gallon drum. The Technician presumed the drum was empty and he could simply move it to one side. The drum was still 50% full and upon attempting to shift it he lost grip causing him to lose his footing which resulted in him slipping to the ground.
Whilst operator was exiting the jumbo cab the rubber mount on the last ladder rung broke away causing the operator to drop straining upper arm.
Operator caught fingers in wheel chock holder when trying to remove wheel chocks. 
"Operator felt gradual build up of pain in shoulders, in particular the left shoulder, whilst operating truck over uneven ground."
"The operator parked his bogger on a steep decline, and left to hang signs. When he returned to the bogger and opened the door, the door swung open quickly due to the parking angle of the bogger. His thumb was caught in the door handle and bent backwards with the travel of the door. "
"Walking down stairs, fell and got a level 3 ankle sprain"
"He was grinding screen, tiny piece of metal (grinding spark) went in left eye. Blinked a few times and felt that it was out, so kept working. later that night realised it wasn't out. "
IP awoke on the 5/7/13 with moderate (8/10) pain/stiffness in his back with some pain radiating down his left leg after lifting multiple oxy and acetyline bottles botttles on nightshift
"she awoke with pain this morning, and that she had been doing a large amount of walking up and down windrows the previous day at work"
The IP tripped at the go line and felt immediate pain to his posterior leg.
"For a welding task IP was moving a 30-40kg plate in position when his finger got caught between plate & guide. IP immediately removed glove, checked finger alerted workmates before exiting the truck and notifying supervisor"
"Pt states that whilst driving truck this pm felt onset of lower back ache, progressing to muscular spasm whilst being driven to medical centre by supervisor."
rough terrain at pit floor then at approx 1500hrs whilst being loaded at digger experienced onset of mid lower lumbar pain. 
misjudging the bottom step of stairs when descending using 3 points of contact. As person has missed the last step has rolled (R) foot inward when contacting the ground.
Working on dump truck fitting a lock ring 57 inch to truck position 2 tyre. Lock ring has fallen out of lock ring groove striking tyre fitter on the foot.
"pt presented to med centre after driving the water cart, at approximatly 2300 hrs she drove through a large hole feeling the drivers seat bottom out , shortly after this she felt a dull ache in her lower back which progresivly got worse."
"Whilst pushing trolley in and out from under drill rig, IP has had onset of pain in lower back."
"Mechanical fitter received a crush injury to 2nd and 3rd fingers of right hand when hand was caught between steel plate and winch cable whilst undertaking maintenanace work on conveyer. Medical treatment was received on site and patient was transported to  hospital for further assessment, x-rays confirmed no fracture present. Certified as totally unfit for work from 22/08/2013 - 25/08/2013."
IP noticed gradual onset of swelling and pain to left knee whilst operating a wheel loader with a new neutraliser pedal.
Experienced immediate onset of low back and right leg pain whilst leaning forward lifting a conveyor belt cover. 
"Reports that whilst fitting a floor mat into a dozer at ~02:00 the matt became stuck causing him to pull on it, resulting in immediate onset of pain and ‘loss of strength' to his right forearm."
"Gradual onset of left arm pins, needles and numbness during normal dump truck operating duties."
"Left elbow pain, with gradual onset of symptoms over three days most noticeable when applying the handbrake."
"While operating dump truck, operator was getting a load from wheel loader, a rock has rolled out of the loader bucket and contacted the off side of the truck tray resulting in the operator being jolted from side to side. The operator reports that he then experienced onset of low back pain."
IP was pushing a stand under  tandem with Right leg. Whilst doing this he felt a pop & experianced pain in his R/H Knee.
operator felt slight pain in shoulder after operating
"Whilst reversing a dozer looking over his right shoulder the dozer struck a rock causing a cab jolt, causing immediate onset of left neck/shoulder pain. "
IP walking away from truck on go line slipped in V drain and feeling sharp pain to his right leg.
"IP tripped over a windrow whilst performing a prestart check on a dump truck, falling onto right hand with wrist bent backwards"
the onset of pain to his left thigh at 0300 whilst operating a dump truck last night 
IP was lifting multiple tubs weighing approximately 24kg each and developed onset of low abdominal pain post task. 
"Whilst IP was operating an excavator the bucket hit rock causing a jolt, causing IP to pull back on lever firmly and immediately feeling sharp pain in shoulder"
IP fell on the shot where he broke his fall with his right hand and subsequently developed low back pain
Patient stated that whilst pushing a sample tray underneath a drill rig the tray caught on a rock which caused the patient to fall forward whilst still holding the tray. This caused the patient's left hand to hyperflex causing pain to the 2nd metarcarpal area. 
Whilst the IP was putting on her seatbelt in a dump truck it was stuck around the hoist lever. In a seated position whilst reaching down to her left she pulled on the seatbelt with force and experienced sudden onset of severe pain to her low back. 
The IP was working in a cramped position underneath a loader (bent backwards and to the right) for a period of time. He then went to straighten up forwards and to the left when he experienced sudden onset of severe low back pain
Contracted Rotavirus from exposure when assessing and treating an ill worker 
Pt had finished handling a lighting plant & was boarding a light vehicle when he felt pain in his thoracic back 
"Whilst the IP was starting a screening plant, a rock has bounced off the screen feed conveyor belt from a height of approximately 2-3 metres landing on IP's right thumb causing pain, contusion and swelling to his thumb. IP was wearing gloves at the time of the incident"
Ongoing Lower back pain radiating into right thigh as a result of a strain/sprain
"Whilst reversing a dozer looking over his right shoulder the IP backed over a mound of dirt and 'came down hard', resulting in immediate onset of low back pain. "
IP struck by bobcat driven by another worker including foot being run over. 
"Whilst operating a dozer, an area of hard ground was hit causing the cab to jolt and onset of low back pain for the operator"
Whilst resting his hand on the grouser plant it moved resulting in his hand being pinch between dozer tracks causing a laceration to the right hand.
While stemming a blast hole with a shovel PT states being on a contour facing downwards when right leg slipped away while left leg remained in a stationary spot causing PT to do the splits.
"IP reports that he was trying to lower his the ladder of his dump truck which got stuck on descending, and to free it he pushed/shoved the ladder handrail forcefully with his hand and felt immediate sharp pain to right wrist and up lower arm"
"Pt was pulling apart a wooden pallet. As a part of the pallet was pulled away, it shot up and into his left hand striking him in the joint of where his thumb joins his palm. Pt continued to work until the pain became too significant at which point he presented to the medical centre (2320)"
Reports that whilst walking behind a stemming truck he trod on uneven ground rolling his ankle and causing immediate ankle pain. 
Person was assisting with the change out of consumables. While twisting the cross over the individual has unscrewed the lifting bell causing it to topple. The cross over has hit the top of the individuals foot.
"Emlpoyee fitter from workshop was working on the Pit Go-Line on Grader, when he felt pain and stiffened muscles in his central posterior right back."
"Patient states discomfort to base of neck. Review with Occuaptional Physician identified a significant aggravation of a pre-existing muscle issue, caused by sustained awkward postures and further aggravation when machine operating. Please note - This is a previous work related neck injury  - injury report is not available."
Injured person felt a gradual onset of shoulder pain whilst undertaking normal duties. Person stated he had been lifting lighting plants throughout shift and he felt as these are heavy this may have contributed to the onset of pain. 
"Worker was the driver of a dumpt truck. When the load was dumped on the back of the dumpt truck, it resulted in excessive movement in the cab and the worker jarred his shoulder against the tension of the seat belt."
PASSENGER IN A HAUL TRUCK WHEN A LARGE ROCK WAS EMPTIED INTO TRAY RESULTING IN A SUDDEN JOLT IN THE CABIN. NECK PAIN REPORTED REPROTED TO FIRST AID FOR TREATMENT.
Worker reports a gradual onset of elbow pain following lifting over 200 sample bags followed by shovelling activities. 
IP was undertaking hammering tasks during service and repair works on mobile pplant equipment when he noticed a gradual onset of right forearm pain.
IP reports developing a gradual onset of left shoulder pain while operating a water cart during his shift. IP reported to the medical centre the following day for treatment as symptoms had not ressolved.
IP reports feeling a gradual onset of right shoulder pain when working at full stretch with his arm during the shift. The pain increased with repeat arm extension and elevation activities.
"While using Stilsons on a peice of pipe secured in a vice said stilsons have given way, this has resulted in the patients right hand impacted with the work bench"
"Employee was conducting maintenance and while checking bucket of tray unloader, his hand became caught between the bucket and chute."
While being loaded a large piece of the face fell down striking the dove tail of the truck forcing the tray up and pushing the truck forwards. Truck jumped causing person to hit roof of cab four times. The person also hit their knees on the steering wheel.
Patient is a haul truck driver and had a large rock land in the tray of the truck she was driving which shook the cabin of the vehicle and has left her feeling 'jarred' in the neck.
Patient presented to first aid C/O pain to right knee. Patient stated he had sustained injury whilst climbing over seats in his excavator. 
"Pt presented to first-aid with pain & swelling to Right ankle area, stepped of bus at shift change rolled right ankle"
Pulling out a grease line when a line got snagged and suddenly released. This caused employee to fall over and landed on outstretched arm. 
Tripped on raised section of walkway. Fell on knees and right hand. Sustained swelling to carpal area of right hand and minor abrasions to both knees he has a fractured 5th MCP and has been given work restrictions. He is due to start night shift tonight (last night shift) but will not be able to attend due to fatigue as he is still at the hospital. It was advised employee that we can organise specialist appointment immediately if that is deemed as required. employee stated that the Doctor had consulted the plastic surgeon in Perth and determined that specialist appointment is not required at this stage. IP's hand is in a plaster splint and will be reassessed on the 10.09.2013 for xray.
"Whilst undoing a bolt on the boom belt tensioner, he felt a twinge in his back at approx 09.00. After driving back to the office at 09.30 the pain was severe"
"Shifting a stand, bent over to position the stand, and felt pain in lower back."
Fitter was operating an IT bringing steering cylinders. Whilst reversing the forks out from under the load one fork tine had come away from the attachment. The fitter then drove the IT back to allow for attachment of the top part of the tine. The IP then slid the tine all the way to the right side of the attachment and place his hand underneath and swung the bottom of the tine out to try and reposition it. This resulted in the tine dislodging and dropping to the ground on the IP's left hand. 
"IP reported intermittent left lateral elbow pain for the previous 2 - 3 weeks with no specific trigger event at work. On 03/07 he reported that he was rebuilding a crusher top shell. As he completed this task he reported acute pain in his left lateral elbow, specifically after hitting a flogging spanner with a sledge hammer. "
"IP was rolling up a water hose, and as he placed the hose onto the reeler he experienced pain in his lower back. IP reports that the movement including bending and twisting. "
"IP was pushing a jack stand in an effort to remove it from under a piece of machinery (dozer), with the assistance of another Fitter who was pulling the stand with a sling. The stand slid unexpectedly and quickly toward the rear of the machine (intended direction), causing the IP to lose balance. This caused the IP to reposition his hands and in doing so the end of his left index finger was severed between the stand intended to support the rear of the machine and the one he was pushing. "
"After checking a fuel leak on a dozer in the pit, the IP crawled out from under the machine. As he stood up he lost his footing and fell forwards onto outstretch hands. This resulted in a graze to his left hand and a laceration to his right hand. "
"IP hit his head on the car door frame, resulting in neck pain. "
Worker was oxy cutting 48mm nyloc nuts off  breaker bar combes when nyloc within nut exploded and penerated through welding glove causing burn to left hand index finger.
"IP reported an acute onset of lower back pain after twisting to lift a 40kg door, without requesting assistance. "
IP experienced pain in lower back whilst completing crushing and pulverising work. This included repetitive bending and lifting. 
"IP injured self, involved in incident where loader made contact with DT - lower back pain - IP adv is not bad, a bit stiff"
R elbow pain following repetitive use of hammering and gripping tasks as part of reskinning and liner change out of chute.
IP reports hitting elbow on remote control box when getting off his dozer at the end of his shift.. IP reports pain in L elbow - L lateral epicondyle 
Pain felt in L Achilles when IP slipped on a wet grid mesh ramp. IP reports a further five episodes of pain following initial slip.
Pt stated that he was pulling a trolley IP when his (R) middle finger was jammed between the jack and his steele capped boot 
"IP was walking down some steps and slipped. IP put left arm out to stop themself from falling and hit inner / upper left arm on the hand rail, contacting left knee on the step and bent thumb on right hand back as IP tried to brace. "
IP was walking from the crib room back to the dump truck where she encountered uneven ground and rolled her ankle
IP experienced back spasm in left-hand side of lower back whilst performing maintenance on a drill rig. Unable to relieve pain through through stretching so sought medical treatment at Medical Centre.
"IP sustained a right knee injury during the course of his normal duties on Saturday, 13 July 2013. IP advised he did not recall a specific incident or event which caused his symptoms, rather a gradual onset of symptoms which progressively worsened throughout the day. IP did not immediately report the injury and continued undertaking normal duties."
IP reported discomfort in the region of Left Knee Medial Patellar due to an event of Hyperextension of the Left Leg while working on uneven ground. 
"Pt presents stating he injured his lower back on night shift around midnight. Pt states he was lifting a drill part from the ground upward, when he felt a sharp pinch to his lower back and has to put the part back down. Pt states he has been stretching for the rest of the night."
Bogger/loader operator suffered a minor torn tendon when they pulled on an 8 metre chain to open a padlock for the work pass in the underground work area
Person was working bending and kneeling. Felt no pain whilst at work. Awoke with tenderness to left knee. Report to the medical centre when person return to work at the beginning of night shift on the 7/09/2013.
Employee was clearing a chute on the top floor of furnace with a 3m bar. When the chute cleared the weight of the bar pulled on the employees left shoulder causing injury
Worker tripped over rail behind and fell to the ground at 03:00 on 10/10/2013. He contacted via home phone at 11:45 to report incident as he awoke with a swollen left knee.
Worker was undoing steel straps and one got stuck and cut his left thumb through his glove.
Employee was holding the handle with his left hand and hit the handle using a sledgehammer with his right hand. He hit his left hand with the sledgehammer and sustained a laceration to the left 4th finger.
after working in wet surface area went to walk down flight of stairs and slipped landing heavily on Lt side back rib area
squatting down to take water sample from low hose on site when felt discomfort in Rt Knee
After attending the evening safety huddle IP entered the plant via the stairs. upon taking the first step up the staircase he felt a crack in his left knee.
"WALKING OVER WOODEN WALKWAY, STOOD ON THE FRONT PART OF PLANK, WOODEN FL;OORING NOT SECURE BACK FOOT STUCK UNDER WOODEN FLOORING AND IP FELT DISCOMFORT TO LT KNEE AND ANKLE"
FELT TWINGE IN LOWER BACK AREA WHILE PULLING THE RECYCLE KNIFE GATE SHUT AT THE FURNACE
"As was kneeling down on top of hopper, to retrieve 12 hour sample bucket, felt pain and heard crunching in the right knee."
"Operator was bogging, noticed that there was a vent bag flapping, he decided to stop loader underneath the vent bag so he could clip it up. As he was getting out of loader with 3 point of contact he placed his right foot on the ground ""in case was a toe"" He rolled his ankle and fell to his right side, he hit his head on something and helmet became dislodged and he landed inpuddle and hit his head on a rock, he got up quickly and notified shift boss."
"Worker reported to have become sore from the repetitive use of a sledghammer, that gradually worsened over the last week"
"In the shaft below the brace tension up a wall bracket bolt with a 18"" shifter, shifter slipped up and hit IP on the top lip, causing vertical laceration to left side top lip"
"IP and another person were lifting a sump pump into the back of a ute as IP repostioned his hands his left thumb because caught on the bottom lip of the pump, thus causing injury."
woke up 15/11/13 with a swollen painful thumb joint. Worker had been painting the day previous at work
"Whilst unloading the Perth truck, the truck driver was on one side, the warehouse officer the other removing the gates to the trailers. On removing one gate and replacing the other, his ring finger got crushed between the bottom of the gate and the floor of the trailer."
Worker had old injury 2006 felt some discomfort over period on undefined time and aws worried it may be the old injury again. Scan shows old injury remains fully healed and only minor degeneration. Refer to Comm-457-491449 stating that this is a new injury not relating to old one.
"Clearing rocks from bund, attempted to lift a dozer tooth to ascetain it's weight when it slipped trapping finger between it and the concrete.this resulted in loss of finger tip. No bone impaction."
Piece of steel approx 7kg fell from tailgate channel of an LV on to the foot. Contusion resulted from this
IP was boring out a rise cut. He was boring the top left back hole when the drill steel broke. The rock drill rapidly slid up the drill steel rolling his right arm and dislocating his shoulder. IP removed himself from the rise and was transported to the surface to First Aid. He was then transported to Hospital.
Employee was carrying out structural repair works with is co worker. The Co worker was using the hammer to knock on the steel plate when it had glanced of hitting the employee on his left lower leg. Employee was taken to the hospital for check up. He did not sustain any major injury. No bone were broken and was cleared the following day to commence work.
Employee was working with a jack hammer all day breaking concrete when he felt a bit of pain to his back around 15:00 pm. He made an appointment to see the doctor the following day. 
Employee was working laying out extension lead when his foot got stuck against an iron bar on the ground and tripped. On impact he injured his Right Hand Middle Finger.
"Detailed Description: The incident occurred when Employee squat down to picked up 2 small bags of shipping sample, suddenly a 'click' sound come from my back near the hip was heard. Location: Laboratory Task: To picked up 2 small bags of shipping sample Immediate Action Taken: At the time of incident, there was no pain,Employee keep working until after lunch, Employee felt some pain and thought it would be get better by the next day. Deep heat Cream was applied to the pain area. "
"Employee was attempting to loosen trailer hub cap. He used a long aluminium tube attached to the hub cap. He pushed down to loosen the cap. As he was loosening the cap, it gave way and the aluminium pipe momentarily jolted out of employees grip and sprung back and hit his left thumb. Employee drove to the nearest first aid facility and applied ice to the injured thumb."
IP fell approx. 1.5m above ground from the water truck onto rocky ground after missing the second step descending from the cab. 
"IP reports he was lying on his stomach  in a safety harness and that he had to climb in under the spray bar to access the impact tiles. As he was performing this he reports needing to move to gain a better position to do the job, getting caught up in the spray bars & rolling over to his left to free himself. He reports feeling sharp pain in his left shoulder which subsided immediately. IP continued to assist with the task until end of shift experiencing stiffness in the same shoulder but did not think it was bad enough to stop working."
At about 3:00pm on Saturday the 24th August 2013 a Electrical Trade Assistant was tasked to drill a series of holes in lengths of Unistrap brackets which were to be fitted to electrical cable trays. The Unistrap lengths were positioned between two trestles to provide a working platform and to support the Unistraps whilst drilling. The IP used his left hand to support/hold the Unistraps whilst holding the electric drill in his right hand as he drilled a series of holes. Whilst drilling the drill bit slipped on the material striking the IP's left hand causing a deep laceration with possible tendon and bone damage to his left index finger. At the time of the incident the IP was wearing gloves which were damaged as a result of the drill bit.
IP strained left side of back when lifting tyre/s onto pallet racking.
On 09.08.2013 at 23:30 hrs while walking upstairs IP slipped on the edge of a step and fell forward. He injured his right elbow when it struck another step.
"Ip experienced Acute Right Achilles pain post working for long hours on uneven ground, climbing scaffolding and stairs."
Ip experienced lower back pain while driving a light truck over uneven ground
IP was tasked to remove a feed chute door. Once the cover flap was starting to lower both of the operators stepped back to allow the cover flap to lay open when the west side hinge failed causing the remaining two hinges to fail. This resulted in the cover flap to fall approx. 1.5m landing on an operators left foot.
Employee sustained left shoulder injury while lifting a crane bucked to unload a small skip bin
IP was shoveling spilled dried slurry around the tail pulley when he felt a sharp pain in his lower back
IP was performing manual tasks around site when he experinced left wrist pain while turning a fuel cap and experienced lower back pain while manipulating Poly pipe
IP experienced back pain was driving a forklift over uneven surfaces 
"IP experienced lower back pain after performing activities included moving a rope, weighing approximately 50 kilos about 4m using a two person lift and also walking around the loader, which had 4 small flights of stairs to climb."
IP was Rigging at the service wharf 16/12 morning when she fainted falling onto her back 
Apprentice Fitter was checking for vibration of a machined steel bar and employee's glove of right thumb was caught on the bar that was in the Lathe. The glove pulled the hand into the Lathe. He pulled away from the Lathe pushing with the left hand pulling his hands out of the entangled glove. Tip of right thumb and nail bed traumatised by lathe.
"Kneeling down inside Dump Truck engine bay - stood up, straightened leg and felt tearing pain in left knee, he had performed the same task/movement numerous times before. He has since been to Perth for a MRI and is now scheduled in on Oct 15th for an Arthroscopy."
"In the Workshop he was kneeling in front of the tool cupboard getting tools out, felt pain in left knee. He reported this to the Supervisor & was taken to the 1st Aid Room. He was assessed by a doctor and referred to get a MRI then the results showed that he needed to see a Orthopaedic surgeon to arrange for a Arthroscopy on his knee. This was scheduled at Hospital, on October 2013."
When hammering disc of hub made contact to left hand pointer finger with hammer.
Stepped out of drill and trapped left middle finger in door causing bruising and laceration to second joint. 
"Whilst working on Belt preps the maintainer was manually relocating the end of the belt. Whilst pulling on the belt he has lost grip with the belt and slipped, he then struck his back on the handrail causing him to lose breath and feel pain in his back."
"Maintainer experiences onset of right elbow pain, worsened with work activities. Maintainer was undertaking normal Mobile Equipment Fitter duties on the date of onset, and days prior to onset. Activities include tool use and manual handling of tools, some materials and equipment. Usual tasks require bilateral upper limb use and bialteral gripping. "
Maintainer felt a twinge in his right shoulder while lifting out the gas bottle on the aircon trolley. 
EMployee was lifting Demo Case and placing into travle box. As he lifted the case he felt a sharp pain across his lower back.
"A Boilermaker received a ‘Slag' burn to the inside of his left ankle while welding wear material to the liner plates. During the welding process, a piece of slag or molten metal burnt through the leg of the boilermakers overalls and dropped into the back of his boot. Restrictions did not apply to injury until IP experienced complications."
"At approximately 1000 on Thursday 1st August 2013 a maintainer used a fixed side step to retrieve marker cones placed in middle of the light vehicle tray. Upon retrieving the cones, as the maintainer stepped down to the ground, as their right foot contacted the ground, they proceeded to roll their right ankle causing injury. The maintainer was taken to the EMO for treatment and before being conveyed to  hospital for further assessment. The outcome resulted in a restricted work day injury. "
"At about 4:30am on the 29th of August 2013 a production operator was  on top of a windrow changing out a sign. The operator descended the windrow and walked several metres before stepping on an uneven area, rolling both ankles and falling to the ground. The operator was treated by the site EMO and transferred for further medical investigations and treatment. The operator is currently unfit for work."
"At 11.00 am on Saturday 21st December, 2013, at the workshop, a maintainer was changing coolant filters. The maintainer turned off one hose tap containing coolant fluid. A second hose tap was left open as the maintainer was unaware it existed The maintainer had transition safety glasses on at the time and had pulled them down for clearer visibility. While standing underneath the coolant units, the maintainer unscrewed the first unit. Upon breaking the seal, some of the fluid splashed onto the maintainers face and ran into their eye causing a minor chemical burn. The maintainer was taken to an EMO for treatment after flushing the eyes at an eye wash station. They then attended ospital and were placed on Restricted duties for 1 day (22/12/13) with restrictions to avoid direct sunlight, avoid low light work situations, avoid computer work, and avoid using hazardous substances. They returned to the doctor on 23/12/13 and were placed on full duties."
"17/7/13 at approximately 18:00; operator cleaning haul truck cab, had both doors open, wind caught door and it impacted directly onto his right AC joint region. Operator could not locate his supervisor so reported to Development Supervisor. 17/7/13 at 18:38; assessed by EMO at village medical centre, given NSAIDS and RICE. 18/7/13: operator attended site and performed light duties only. Assessed by site physio, pain local to AC joint and difficulty raising arm above shoulder height. Decision made to send to Perth for medical investigation. Flew out on PM flight. 19/7/13; assessed by Dr at Health. X-ray revealed a small avulsion fracture. She discussed this with the radiographer and confirmed it to be consistent with an AC joint sprain. First medical certificate issued, restricted duties, no haul truck driving for the rest of swing. 20/7/13; returned to site on restricted duties. 30/7/13: again certified for restricted duties but decision made to keep in Perth for physio treatment."
"Whilst carrying out loading operations on a face hole, the off siding operator bent down to check a caught booster. The MPU operator moved the auger, and it has contacted with the off siding operator's head. The off siding operator was knocked to the ground, but carried on loading. After a short period of time, the operator felt some stiffness in their neck, stopped work and reported the incident to Supervisor. Treated by site medic. Operator spent remainder of shift in his room. Operator compleated office duties for the subsequent 2 shifts before flying home on normal commute 17/9/13. Subsequent medical assessment in Perth due to concussion symptoms and neck pain."
"While building a sump, Operator was descending down the boarding ladder and misjudged the distance between the last step and the ground and rolled his ankle. The bottom step is missing and has been for a few months. The operator then climbed back up the ladder with difficulty and called the shift supervisor. The shift supervisor picked up the operator and drove them to the site medical centre.Treated by site medic and physio. Remained on site on office duties until flew out on normal commute 18/9/13. X-ray 19/9 showed no bony injury. Certified fit for restricted duties but unable to reyurn to site for subsequent swing due to use of crutches. "
"Maintainer was changing out dust filter bags and finger was crushed between the top lip of the dust hood and the filter bag cage. The maintainer was taken to the EMO by another maintainer and incident was reported to supervisor. 25/9 reviewed at Hospital, first medical certificate issued, unfit for 2 days. 26/9 Flew to Perth on AM flight. Review , surgical debridement of nail bed under local anaesthetic. Fit for restricted duties from 27/9/13. Flew back 30/9 due to logistics of weekend flying."
"1/10/13 at 02:50; Loader made contact with Haul Truck. Operator called up Supervisor to report symptoms following shaking event. 1/10/13 at 03:35; Treated by EMO, spinal precautions, taken to  Hospital. RFDS transfer to Hospital. Remained in hospital until 5/10/13. Investigations included X-rays, spinal and pelvic CT scans, Spinal MRI. Spinal team Unable to identify organic cause. 7/10/13;Hospital provided First Medical Certificate, unfit until 1/11/13. For review at spinal clinic in 2 weeks. 8/10/13; Review with Dr at Health. No further medical certification issued, remains unfit. Operator reports improvement but residual spinal pain and headaches. Workers Compensation claim submitted. 30/10/13; Operator remains unfit, symptoms consistent with neck and low back soft tissue strain."
"23/10/13 at 15:30; A fire extinguisher fell off a track dozer while track rolling a Drill pattern. The operator retrieved the fire extinguisher while waiting for maintenance. When the operator placed the extinguisher on the ground the extinguisher discharged. The discharge blew off his glasses and helmet, the right eye was impacted with significant amount of powder. A small amount of powder entered the left eye but it was unharmed. Operator was unable to see and attempted to contact nearby operators unsuccessfully. Operator started flushing eyes with water bottle. Operator managed to climb back into dozer cab and called for assistance. Operator taken to medical centre, ongoing saline flushing. Assessed by Dr who was on site conducting medicals. Recommended review at Hospital. Operator was admitted overnight at Hospital. 24/10/13; discharged from and flew to Perth with IMA on the morning flight. 24/10/13; assessed in  Hospital Ophthalmology Clinic. Diagnosed an ulcer on the right cornea with several small abrasions. Certified fit for restricted duties, no driving, avoid dusty environment. Expect full recovery within 2 weeks. It was impractical to patch the right eye as operator has minimal vision in the left eye due to a previous eye injury. 24/10/13; operator stayed overnight in a hotel in Perth. Decision made not to return operator to site due to inability to patch right eye to eliminate dust exposure. Operator resumed normal duties 6 November"
"08/11/13 at 1600; Maintainer was inspecting conveyor for belt movement. He stepped backwards onto a rock, lost his footing and fell backwards. 08/11/13; assessed by EMO. RICE, rested in room. 09/11/13; assessed at Medical Centre, diagnosed undisplaced metacarpal fracture left hand. Certified fit for restricted duties, 5kg lifting restriction, office work only. Backslab applied. Continued fixed plant office duties until normal commute 12/11/13. For full cast application at Health Campus upon return to Perth. Claim submitted. Final Medical Certificate issued 30/12/13"
"16/12/13 at 08:00; Whilst setting up a contour shot for loading the operator has been walking up the contour pulling the emulsion hose along behind him, with the hose over his shoulder he has pushed off with his left leg and gotten half way through his step when he felt his left knee shift sideways and give out under him resulting in him falling to the ground and hitting his head. On seeing this, the second blast crew member has called out to a third crew member to attend and assess the patient and was informed that their knee had given way. The rest of the blast crew have attended and have advised that he should stay still and wait for the EMO to attend. Supervisor and EMO were notified and upon examination the patient has been transported to the Medical Station for further treatment. 16/12/13; Assessed at  Hospital. First medical certificate issued, fit for restricted duties. 17/12/13; further assessment by site physio and IMA. Referred to Capstone Health. 18/12/13; referred for MRI by Dr. 20/12/13; Dr confirmed ACL rupture. MRI shows meniscal and bone oedema consistent with acute injury."
"IP was pulling pipe through hole in a tight gap. Gave a tug and by doing so strained shoulder. He was brought to office and taken to doctor. Doctor gave some pain killers and restricted work duties for a few days. The limited space to work allowed for only arm rather than body strenghth and limited movements, causing the strain."
"Two maintainers were replacing a pivot pin. Maintainer 1 was using a sledge hammer to hit the chicken bar that maintainer 2 was holding to insert the new pin. Maintainer 1 felt something hit his left leg, when he lifted his trousers he noticed a cut in his calf, on inspection of the sledge hammer they noticed that there was a shard missing."
"At around 11:00 am on the 2/12/2013 being the 6th day of the 14 day roster, the operator was slowing down to commence cleaning spillage from the floor at the bottom of the central pit ramp when the accelerator becomes stuck on. While the operator was trying to free the accelerator he has run over a rock which has cause the operator to be bounced inside the cab area. The operator was wearing his seat belt at the time. He then reported to the supervisor and was told to park up. The supervisor then referred the operator to the site medic for assessment. Operator was placed on light duties for the remainder of the day. The operator has since been managed by the company Injury Management coordinator and is currently under a ""Return to Work"" restriction programme. "
The servicemen was moving the pipe with the assistance of another person when he tripped and fell injuring his shoulder.
"Employee was carrying out repairs on the mill and whilst he was walking from the mill area to the workshop , the employee noticed a burning sensation/pain in his lower back area. The employee was unsure of the specific cause of pain in his lower back area. Employee reported to his supervisor and visited the medical office for examination/treatment. The employee reported to hospital 26/8/13 for further examination and treatment. The employee was placed on alternate duties and recommended to seek further examination (Scan) of the area on R&R."
Employee was charging  mill by hand at the feed chute via a poly pipe. The poly pipe being used to feed the steel balls became blocked and backed up. The employee attempted to free the blockage by taking the slack out of the pipe and in doing so placed more pressure on the cable tie that was holding the poly pipe off the ground which caused the cable tie to snap. The poly pipe which was full of steel fell to the ground in the process landing on the employees finger and crushing it.
"IP was working at the maintenence workshop changing out tyres on LV's and stacking the used tyres in cages. Approximately an hour later, whilst having smoko, the IP experienced low grade pain in his lower lumbar back. "
Polly welder operator working  at approx. 15:30hr pulling a polly welding machine towards him – welder states he could feel something “Pop” in his lower back – Resulting in 10/10 pain in back and down both legs to both calves.
"Fitter stepped onto a small rock as he egressed digger in Pit, causing his left knee to suddenly move to the right, straining his left knee joint. Worker was seen by site Nurse and referred to doctor for further assessment. MRI showed menical tear. Worker underwent arthroscopic surgery to treat knee. Worker was unfit from 14/7-26/7/13. On 26/7/13 the worker was cleared for alternate duties until 2/8/13."
"Fitter was working on Hopper. He was standing between two grizzlies (weighing ~ 3 tonne each), to help position one of them when the second grizzly slipped down pinning the worker's right lower leg to the concrete. the crane opeator quickly acted to lift and move the gizzly off the worker's leg. The worker was seen by the site Nurse and sent to Perth via RFDS for further medical assessment. The worker was taken to theatre to wash the wound and for skin grafting to repair the wound. Worker was ""unfit"" from 7-31/7/2013."
"Operator lost his footing whilst walking down slope, causing him to slip and strain his lower back. Worker was seen by doctor and put on alternate duties from 2-26/8/13. On 26/8 the worker was reviewed by the doctor and cleared to resume normal duties."
Maintenance supervisor was assisting with shutdown cleanup when he pivoted on his right foot. His right foot remained planted while his body pivoted causing a strain to his right knee. worker was put on alternate duties from 22/9-30/9/13. Worker was referred to doctor in Perth for further assessment. 
Fitter had sweaty hands after performing pre-start in cabin of truck  without the airconditioning on. He went to egress the truck and lost his grip on the handle of the drivers side and fell backwards onto his right side and shoulder. Worker was seen by doctor and x-rays showed undisplaced fractures of right lower ribs. Minor right shoulder soft tissue also noted. Worker was treated and made unfit until 25/10/13. Worker was cleared for alternate duties on 25/10/13.
Serviceperson was conducting in-pit refueling. Whilst placing a wheel chock onto the front wheel plate of service truck his left ring finger got caught between the wheel chock and the wheel plate causinga fracture of the tip of his left ring finger. Worker was seen by doctor and x-rays performed showing undisplaced fracture of left ring finger disatla phalanx. Worker was provided with a finger splint and put on alternate duties from 25/10/13 to 1/11/13.
Electrician was servicing mobile lighting plant when he felt right shoulder pain as he lifted a a ballast (weighing 20kg) from wait to shoulder height. Worker was referred for an MRI which showed a tear of the subscapularis muscle and biceps tendon injury. Worker was put on alternate duties fom 5/11-31/11/2013.
Mining Operator was alighting a dump truck ladder. Ladder was higher from the ground than anticipated and worker jarred right hip as she took weight through the right leg. MRI showed micro fractures to the head of the right femur and oesteoarthritis. Worker was certified unfit on 31/10/13 and remained unfit until 31/12/13.
Boilermaker was sliding a metal plate along a work bench when his left middle and ring finger got caught between plate and bench resulting in a crush injury to the left middle and finger injury and an undisplaced fracture of the distal phalanx of the left middle finger. The worker was assessed by a doctor and certified unfit from 29/12/13-2/1/2014.
IP was stepping down off cut (approx 50cm high) when he rolled his left ankle on a rock. Worker was seen by doctor and certified unfit from 2/12- 16/12/13. X-rays cleared any bony injury. Worker didn't attend a review with doctor on 16/12/13 and returned to site on 24/12/13 expecting to be cleared by site medical staff. Worker was sent to Perth on 27/12/13 to see doctor and was cleared fit to return to normal duties.
"IP  stepped out of office , missed the concrete step and jarred his lower back. Worker was seen by doctor and had CT scan. Scan showed early degenerative changes in his lower back. Worker was certified unfit from 3/12/13 to 31/12/13."
Maintenance Fitter strained left knee climbing out from under Excavato car body frame. Worker was seen by doctor and sent for MRI. MRI showed meniscal tear. Worker put on alternate duties from 16/12/13 to 6/1/2014.
"Whilst removing equipment before the blast the IP was winding the stabiliser up, the handle broke and the IP lost balance. The IP fell over the windrow and slid down the batter for approx. 6 metres. The IP immediately climbed up the batter and reported the incident"
While carrying out a chemical storage container from inside a 20ft sea container the I.P miss-placed their footing when standing on a wooden pallet. As the foot fell through the pallet to solid ground the I.P experienced immediate pain to their left hand side ankle. 
The IP was undertaking bucket repairs and hit the tip of their left index finger whilst attempting to hammer in a wedge. The IP was flown off site for medical treatment. Has since received surgery and is on alternative duties.
While walking down the hill from the shed injured person slipped and injured their right knee
An employee became ill after spray painting a truck body using  high gloss yellow paint
Injured person woke up with mild back pain after operating the Loader over rough terrain  for 3-4 days. Supervisor was notified and medic assess injured person.
"Whilst exiting the bomb ute passenger side door, the IP misjuedged the distance to the ground and jarred thier hip."
While carrying out a chemical storage container from inside a 20ft sea container the I.P miss-placed their footing when standing on a wooden pallet. As the foot fell through the pallet to solid ground the I.P experienced immediate pain to their left hand side ankle. 
"IP's was typical daily duties were operating the mining excavator, his shift were typically 12hrs, Injured person reported to the site medic complaining of pain and discomfort in right shoulder. IP could not contribute the injury to a specific event."
"As the process employee removed the last bolt on a large mining hose that was connected to a manifold, the hose fell away and jammed the employee's left thumb bewteen the hose clamp and a kickboard on the walkway. The employee had been removing the hose in order to unbog the hose."
Stepping down from the last step and rolled ankle on uneven ground. 
"Worker was walking  when she tripped on rocks and fell over. As the worker fell, she caught her left ring finger in the gridmesh, causing a frature to her left ring finger. "
"Worker was stepping out of the passanger side of a truck and place his right foot on the safety step, then his left foot on the ground. The worker did not step evenly on his left foot and as he placed it on the ground it rolled outwards. "
"The worker was walking, when she slipped on uneven grounds and rolled her ankle. "
worker was installing a valve and felt pain in the lower back.
An operator was utilising the jackhammer (12.3kg) to remove partially dried cement from the walls of the paste mixer. The operator was standing outside of the mixer and reached over to remove the jackhammer from inside when they have felt a sharp pain in their lower back.
"At 06:30hrs on 04/10/2013 a Boilermaker (BM) was tasked to rectify a leak on a screen discharge chute at Crusher. To access the chute, the swing door of the discharge chute had to be opened. The BM secured the door with a chain block and then started to unbolt the door using a handheld rattle gun. As the last bolt was undone, the door moved forward approx 300mm and then stopped under the tension of the chain. As the door moved forward, it struck the BM on the hard hat and forced his head to strike a beam to his rear. An investigation has been scheduled for 10:00hrs on 12/10/2013 The BM made his way from the chute to the crusher office where he was put in the recovery position. An emergency was called via the two way radio and the BM was taken to the clinic where he was stabilised and transported to Hospital. From Hospital the BM was transferred to a Perth Hospital where he was treated for two cranial fractures. "
"Whilst the employee was entering a LV she has slipped causing her right knee to twist. As a result she was send off site for a MRI scan. Due to a minor tear the employee underwent key hole surgery on the 9 Jul 2013. The employee had 8 days of work, R and R and recommenced work on the 24th of July after being cleared for normal duties."
"The employee was tensioning cable bolts out of an IT basket. After putting the jack over the cable and operating the hydraulic unit (with a foot peddle), the jack has gripped the cable and begun to tension it. The operator removed his hands away from the jack unit and rested one of them on the IT basket rail. The jack has slipped off the cable and hit the operator's hand, with his ring finger taking most of the impact between the jack and IT basket."
"On the morning of the 20th October, IP was observed to have a red right eye. On being alerted of the same he was visibly surprised as he was not experiensing any pain or discomfort at the time. He did not remember having a foreign particle in his eye. The next morning (21st October), the eye was not only red but tearing as well. IP was immediately sent to Hospital for treatment. "
"The injury occured when repairing a screen, the person slipped and cut his finger with a stanley knife, the cut was minor and required one stitch."
Deep laceration to base of left thumb involving  bony injury but Doctor noted tear / injury to extenso-longus tendon and breech joint capsule. Worker has returned to work on alternate duties on Monday 16/12/13. SEE 'OTHER INFORMATION' FOR DESCRIPTION OF ACCIDENT'
"Whilst assisting the drill operator to manually load drill tubes onto the carousel, the service crewman hand was caught when the carousel moved."
CAUGHT END OF FINGER BETWEEN PUNCH BAR AND LOAD WHEN REPAIRING BUCKETT ON AN UNDERGROUND LOADER
Worker was using a hydro-spanner when his thumb became jammed between the spanner and the wheel motor crushing his left thumb.
Slipped whilst climbing into Mobile equipment and elbow connected with the step. 
Manual handling splicing table when acute and experienced acute onsetof back pain. Site physio and EMO - No Dr review required
"Lab technician  was lifting a 20kg filter from a tank whislt bending down to do so, lifting it out of the tank above head height he experienced pain as if his back had been squashed. Reported to his supervisor and then went straight to site medic. Was seen by the site physio and given pain relief. "
On the 27/08/2013 a maintainer was  welding pipes. The maintainer had completed 3 pipe welds and at around 1430pm while placing the pipe into the welding machine they have caught their finger between the machine and the pipe sustaining an injury in the process. They advised their Supervisor and the EMO attended to the injury.
"At approximately 1.30am on Monday 23 December 2013, a Maintainer was in the process of obtaining an O-Ring kit from their toolbox when a gust of wind blew against the toolbox lid and the lid closed with suddenly. The Maintainer was unable to withdraw their hand in time and the lid impacted their right hand index finger. Upon impact, the Maintainer identified a laceration to the top of the right hand index finger and contacted the Supervisor. The Maintainer was then accompanied to the EMO for medical assessment before being transferred to  Hospital for further assessment. Following a consultation with a GP at Hospital, it was identified the Maintainer has 2 small fractures to the right hand index finger. The Maintainer returned to site with follow up appointment arranged on his return to Perth (following day) for specialist medical review."
 maintainer had been slinging a sledge hammer to knock out a ripper boot pin while another maintainer had been holding the chicken bar. On completion of tasks the maintainer felt pain in their right elbow.
Dozer window slammed shut and trapped little finger causing partial amputation.
the injury occured because the person slipped when washing down a concrete pad with a hose
Whilst pressure cleaning on top of a storage tank the hose trailed off the platform and became entangled in the agitator spindle. The hose tightened around the operators left leg resulting in the injury. The hose was broken in the process.
"Employee was running around the corner of the generator at camp in the early morning towards the diesel tank. Employee tripped and fell on exposed pipe and landed heavily on left knee, hip and hands."
"Employee was underground scaling. While scaling the wall a aprox 1 tonne rock fell and landed on his foot. He was transported to the ESO , then taken to Hospital for a x-ray."
Was refiting door  and doing up bolts and felt pain in left elbow
"LV was travelling at 65km/h when a cow walked out in front of the vehicle leaving no time to brake. LV hit the cow with the front of the bull bar, rolling the cow and throwing it forward. Due to the wet weather, head lights were muddy and on low beam due to incoming traffic, the cow could not been seen until the point of impact. Causing pain to back ."
"Whilst cleaning the corners of the crusher pit with a air lance , felt pain to right arm "
"Constant turning of head left to right while working as a bogger operator under ground. From the constant turning of next, he felt pain. From the 26/7 until 5/8 he was doing his normal duties. "
"Was lifting a rod and tried to carry it on left shoulder. When put the rod down onto the floor, he felt pain to his neck region "
"While scaling down, a slab weighing aprox 45kilos fell and struck IP on his right wrist."
"While feeding new cable into machine, left thumb got caught between cable and keeper and took skin off causing a laceration."
"At approximately 8:00am a Dozer operator was assigned to top off stockpile paddock dumps which he had been doing the previous night as well. The Operator was operating and pushing materials back and forth in 1st gear as the stockpile had a lot of oversize rocks, when the operator reversed back, his body was in a twisted position so he could see out the back window to where he was tramming then the dozer dropped back into a hole caused from a large oversized rock and felt strain to his lower back."
"By Driving the truck back and forth on uneven road, the repetitive movements to her back caused pain. From the 21/8/2013 until the 1/9/2013 she was working her normal duties. "
"Whilst cleaning out a brake drum  with a die grinder, cleaning lip of drum when patient felt an irritation to R) eye. Safety glasses on at time of incident. Incident at approximately 1230 hours. was taken to medical centre"
"Lifting core trays of  samples from fork lift onto core racks. Core trays were heavy, lifted a total of 8 pallets which where stacked 10 high approximately. "
"While clearing a blockage in Mill Ball Loader, Mill Ball landed on finger causing crush injury"
"Shifting pumpS, reversed pump intowards the sump. TA lined up the discharge line and hooked it up to the pump. Took rope and pulled on it, and the rope gave way. Patient fell onto the L) side, striking the bottom of his L) rib cage region onto a rock on the ground. Incident at approximately 1430 hours."
Over the past week he has been getting dermatitis to his hands and feet due to a ingredient of a product he uses on site. He does not know what product it is. Is getting tests
"Driving down the decline to take a plug to a supervisor, she heard a truck coming up the decline so she went to pull in to side, as she braked and turned the rear end of the car slid out and hit the wall head on."
Whilst driving just before the old underground tag board the I.T. went through a rut this caused the seat in  to compress and jar the operators lower back
Operator lost control of his dump truck while going down the ramp and made contact with a loaded dump truck coming up the ramp. Felt pain to right shoulder
He was using pelican pick to clear impact bar on transfer shoot He struck a rock with the pick and felt a jaring sharp pain up into his L forearm
"Truck is missing door step due to previous damage, as patient was coming out of the truck he forgot the step was missing and fell out of truck injuring his left lower arm."
At approximately 1930 hours patient was loading drill steels onto rack of Jumbo and one slipped out and fell onto the top of the patients L) foot. Drill piece weights approximately 10kg and patient had his wellington boots on at time of incident.
"Discomfort to L) shoulder  as patient is finding the steering on the service truck heavy when they have to manouver the vehicle out of tight spots, especially with pulling down on the L) arm with steering and looking L) into blind spots. The discomfort is also noted when refueling. Other workers are also having problems with the steering of this vehicle."
"Pt notices tightness and pain when lifting to old injury area in shoulder. She has stated it is a aggrevation to a old injury. Old injury - After a day of moving and stacking trays of core on to pallets, plus throwing out waste core, the individual noticed a pain in the chest and back when at home off shift that night. The old injury was the 18th June 2013"
"Ripping up ramp with dozer, hit hard dirt, patient was twisted with his seat which caused the patients right side neck and shoulder region to jarr to the right."
Pt was in the drivers seat when the trucks front wheels came off the ground and landed back down hard. He was driving underground
"While face sampling, Pt was chipping a rock into a bag when the rock broke free larger than she expected. as the lager rock fell into the bag she dropped the bag onto her R foot. A sampling ring was not used at the time. Face was mechanicially scalled, and hand check scalled as per current face sampling procedure."
The operator was driving on the floor in Pit as the operator turned the steering to back under the excavator the truck passed through a hole on the floor which caused the steering to turn really fast unexpectedly in the opposite direction causing the operators arm to flick back the other way which resulted in aches and swelling to the elbow. Pt felt pain in elbow joint that increased after lunch.
Pt was sliding mesh to one side to gain access to the pit and smashed his pointer finger between the mesh he was moving and another peice of mesh.
"New road being constructed utilising UG waste rock. Operators requested to remove debris (such as rock bolts) from road and bund wall. Operator went to pick up a split set rockbolt that was partially buried when he felt a sharp stabbing pain in his R wrist, the pain radiated up into his fore arm. He was unable to complete the task."
Pt digging hole to extricate bogged  Friday 6/12/13 1100hr when sustained muscle strain/inflammation causing discomfort to R) buttocks.
Operator was positioning the empty furnace ladle under the taphole. While hooking up ladle the operator rolled his ankle on the tracks of the furnace. The operator reported the incident to his controller and went to seek medical advise. 
Operator felt a gradual onset of pain in the right wrist while completing furnace duties as a controller. 
Operator was lifting a ladle draw bar when positioning a ladle under the taphole of the furnace. It was reported that the operator slipped on material on the floor straining his ankle and lower back.
Whilst lifting 20litre drum felt slight pain in left shoulder. 
Operator reported back pain to his supervisor at the mess 0400hrs. Believed to be the result of the previous days activity surrounding the packing away of the crane outrigger boards and placing them in their cradle. 
"Knee began to feel painful after lifting, carrying and fitting airconditioner units in the village"
"Fixed Plant Fitter was  loading wear plates into the man cage, while carrying out this task the fitter felt a slight twinge in his left shoulder."
"While operating loader operator has run over a rock (operator believes that the rock rolled off stockpile as he was reversing out).Operator stop and gathered his thoughts, he had some pain in his neck and shoulder which subsided after few minute so he carried on operating. Approx hour later the pain in his neck intensified so he informed his supervisor and the decision was made to send him home for the remainder of shift and to report to medical centre in the AM."
"In the process of dismounting dump truck the operator lost her footing. As the operator went to grab the handrail on the dump truck one side was shorter than the other, grabbed the handrail on the right hand side putting all her weight onto the right arm & felt a sharp pain in her shoulder."
"WHEN FITTING NEW TRACK SET TO DOZER FITTER PLACED HIS HAND ON A SEGMENT ABOVE THE MASTER LINK BUT BETWEEN TWO SEGMENTS, HE INSTRUCTED IT OPERATOR TO RAISE THE LOWER SECTION OF THE TRACK TO LOCK INTO MASTER LINK,WHEN THE TRACKS ENGAGED FITTERS HAND WAS PINCHED BETWEEN TWO SEGMENTS."
IP WAS REMOVING TWO REDUCTION DRIVEN STARTER MOTORS (WEIGHT 15KG) FROM A DUMP TRUCK THE IP WAS IN A POSITION THAT HE HAD TO EXTEND HIS ARMS TO FULL EXTENSION TO LOWER THE STARTER MOTORS DOWN TO THE SECOND PERSON ON THE JOB CAUSING A STRIAN TO HIS SHOULDER AS HE WAS LOWERING THE STARTER MOTOR.
While Gluing two pieces of PVC pipe together the glue started to harden so additional force was used to push the pipe home causing pain in IP's right shoulder.
Tramming ore to hopper felt strain in her back
A process worker received a sprained ankle when he placed his foot on a rock while stepping off a conveyor causing the ankle to roll. The worker was initially treated on site at the time of occurrence then transported hospital for x-ray. Over time the injury has not healed to the level expected and after a recent specialist visit surgery was recommended. From the surgery the worker has initially been placed on one months alternate duties.
"Operator was in the process of Hanging his Jumbo cable on ""L pins"" as he started to lift the cable felt a sharp pain in his back."
Operator was assisting with Development Charge Up & tripped over a drill steel and fell backwards .
While fixing compresor on a jumbo U/G machine started up catching his hand.
"Rock fell from face striking left forearm, resulting in a laceration approxamately 5cm long."
"A fall underground, put right hand down to break fall to ground, fractured wrist."
"stepping down off bogger, misjudged step and knee twisted when placing foot on ground"
"Prior to going on holiday Truck Operator noticed redness on leg and feet, went to chemist and got Sigmacourt cream, it seemed to subside and on holiday had no problems. When Operator returned to work s it seemed to have reappeared. Operator used cream that had been purchased from chemist and it seemed to settle again. About a week (17/08/2013) before reporting this it seemed to have started to spread and reached the operators, arms, torso, and the other leg. Operator could not tolerate aggravation as it became unbearable and reported this to the OHS Department "
Detailed Description*: Jumbo operator was cutting mesh with an old small pair of bolt cutters. Operator had to exhort a lot of pressure to get the bolt cutters to cut. Operator then felt pain in their left bicep and loss of power in their arm. IP was performing normal Jumbo Duties from 07.08.2013 - 08.09.2013 On the 09.09.2013 - 13.09.2013 he was on a training course. then on the 18.09.2013 he went into surgery and was deemed unfit for duties from the 18.09.2013 till current (Refer to Comm-317-456935)
"Service Crew member was working in the basket of the moving a pump.The pump was tied to the basket to move the pump in deeper. The basket was lowered down so that the service crew member could unhook the rope off the pump. Whilst leaning over the edge of the basket to grab the power cable and hang it up out of the way, the service crew member felt and heard a crunching noise from their right side of their rib region. They then felt a sever pain and then reported it to their supervisor. "
While Boiler Maker was fitting a new tooth to the bogger bucket the tooth slipped and caught the boilermakers finger between it and the bogger bucket.
"While bogger operator was cleaning up side of road, the bogger bucket hit toe in wall and operator bumped shoulder into bogger door"
"Operator was charging  working above head when operator felt left shoulder getting sore. Operator continued to work not thinking anything of it. Operator then took jumbo to new location, set it up without any problems. While Operator was scaling, left shoulder went 'click'. Operator stoped and called up shiftboss "
"Forman's knee started to slightly hurt and gradually continues to get worse over time through walking up and down declines, on uneven surfaces and climbing ladders."
The employee misjudged the step height exiting the site bus when arriving at work jarring LHS knee.
During production loading operations the bucket of excavator has contacted the truck tray of truck causing the operator of the truck to sustain an injury to the right side of the neck.
"Maintainer stated that he was ducking under danger tape at the entrance of the Light Vehicle Workshop and when he went to stand up he felt a twinge in his lower back causing immediate discomfort. Maintainer was checked by onsite EMO, then transported  for physio treatment."
"Completing a service, changing out the hydraulic oil filters. Had pulled last filter out 3/4 of the way and felt a pain in the middle of the back. Tried to save the filter and not drop it, pain then felt in between shoulders."
whilst driving light vehicle on the surface collided with rear of bogger that was tramming in the same direction of travel - Investigation commenced
Whilst installing cable bolts and grouting them he has been splashed in the face with the grout mixture which has seen a small amount of grout get into his left eye. He was wearing his PPE
Whilst tying drill steel onto the LV the knot slipped and as a result hi hand struck the tray of the ute
"The person concerned was reaching overhead to take measurements for some conduit that was required to be installed. While reaching overhead the person concerned felt a ""pop"" in their abdominal area. The incident was not reported to the medic till the following day."
An electrician was working on a pump. The electrician identified that the motor bearings required grease and then climbed up to access the motor grease terminals which are located on the top of the motor. After greasing both bearings the electrician climbed back down. When climbing down his foot slipped causing him to take his weight on his left arm causing over stretching and he felt a sharp pain in his chest/stomach area. The electrician informed his supervisor and then attended the site medic for review. The site medics review has identified a soft tissue injury or a tear and the injured person has been sent off site for medical review.
Laceration on head requiring 4 stitches REFER TO STEP 6 'OTHER INFORMATION' FOR DESCRIPTION.
"While doing a pre-start on machine, placed bag in cab on the passenger side and stepped back lifted head to stand up and helment made contact with the head board of the tray. "
"About to carry out fueling duties on Shovel, exited fuel truck and jammed hand and fingers in door. "
Using hose to wash down truck pad at the truck load out bin when the hose became caught. Employee flicked the hose and felt pain in his shoulder. 
"A blockage occured at the feeder breaker , the employee was attempting to unblock it with a shovel and he struck the drive chain injurying his right elbow "
Operating Cat truck and being loaded with unshot dirt from dig unit and jarred back 
Conducting Prestart on truck stepped back onto a rock causing the right ankle to twist and fell to ground. 
Operator was climbing down dozer when he reached the 3rd step his foot slipped due to material on the step. His body twisted whilst he was still holding on with his left arm and then the grip gave way and he dropped to the ground. 
"Operator jarred neck while traveling as a passenger in a light vehicle, The driver lurched the car forward at the railcrossing on return to the administration building  and when reverse parking vehicle the driver hit the kerb also jarring neck. "
"Employee operating excavator on his final shift had mild back pain at the end of his shift however did not think it was a major issue, he went home on the 12th attended a chiropractor for treatment due to severe pain. Operator was due to commence work on the 15th of September and thought his injury would be fine however this did not occur and the operator rang his supervisor on the 14th to notify him that he had back injury which progressively became worse from the 10-09-13. "
"Operating truck from Pit, the operator noticed that their back, predominantly the left side was becoming aggrivated through continual bouncing and side to side movement due to the poor conditions of the roads."
"Operator was assisting to help move a lighting tower, he was lifting chains from tower after doing so he notice pain in right arm. "
Employee was driving to a job site and drove through an unfinished trench causing the light truck  to bounce and shake suddenly. 
Whilst operating truck carting overburden from dig unit  the operator began to notice pain in their lower back and attributed this to the truck pitching back and forth across the dump road for approximately 600m lead up to the dump face. The operator continued to cart another load to the dump but the pain became too uncomfortable. 
Whilst training an experienced operator on a new truck as the employee was passenger on a hard seat. The operator and employee left the dig unit and drove over some rough ground jarring the employees back. 
"Operator had just started grading haul road toward dig unit when the low air pressure alarm began sounding so they pulled to the side of the road to inspect. Upon exiting the grader, they climbed down the access ladder stepping onto a rock and rolled thier right ankle. "
Whilst stepping out of the fuel Truck;IP inadvertently rolled his right ankle
Whilst opening a valve the valve seized and jarred lower back.
An Operator working in the pit sustained a meniscal tear due to twisting action of the left knee whilst removing the buildup. 
An Operator was closing a valve with a wheel key when the key slipped and the momentum caused the left elbow to hit the radiator gauge. 
A Mechanical Fitter was lifting a valve from one platform to another when his left thumb was caught between the valve and the platform as it was being place down. The resulting injury required sutures to repair the damaged nail bed. 
An Operator injured his back when he slipped and fell backwards while closing a vent line on a transportation pump.
An operator sustained a lower back injury whilst trying to clear a chute. 
Plant operator injured left elbow while attempting to rotate the drive pulleys with his hands on a sump pump to check if it was bogged. 
"After working  in the rain for seven hours unblocking pipes and equipment, employee noticed rash to left forearm where gloves and jacket met. Upon reporting to leading hand the rash was identified as a chemical burn. Immediate Diphoterine application was followed with 20 minutes of flushing with water followed by referral to local doctor."
"Operator was operatoring dump trucks in pit areas and has sustained sore back, without any particular incident being noticed. After his shift he made a general comment that his back was uncomfortable but did not report officially or seek medical attention until the next evening when he returned to work. At that time it was reported, but he continued to work. He saw a doctor at the end of the swing who gave a medical certificate to rest over the R&R and when he returned at his next swing he worked reduced hours driving (three hours on, one hour off) for the entire swing. He was certified fit to return to full duties at the beginning of the next swing on 2/9/13. "
"While the operator was stepping off the truck during a ""hot seat"" change out, the aluminium safety rail on the walkway (that is used as a safety gate across the walkway) was caught by a severe gust of wind and consequently struck the operator in the left hand side of his rib cage area. "
Low back pain after bending over and straightening after cutting open pre split box.
Employee was carrying a 3m length of collar pipe when he lost his footing and this resulted in back strain. 
"The operator of was getting loaded by shovel when she felt a slight pain in her shoulder. Soft tissue injury - sprain of cervical spine region, right side neck and right shoulder."
Technician was replacing a trash screen cloth. As he was pulling the old cloth out the clamp attached to the cloth slipped. The technician then fell back placing all his body weight on the right knee causing it to twist.
Laceration to right index finger caused the tendon to be partially severed requiring interal and external stiches. Treated at Hospital.
On the night shift of the 6th/7th of October a Process employee IP suffered a back muscle strain while assisting with the crusher jaw adjustment using a large spanner at approximately 21.00 hrs. He finished the shift operating the crusher feed loader reporting the injury at the end of shift at 5.45am on the morning of the 7th October. He was then treated by the site paramedical who consulted by phone with the duty medical officer from our service provider as to the appropriateness of the pain relief and recommended treatment for the muscle strain. As a precautionary measure he was placed on alternate duties on the night shift of the 8th October and left site on the morning of the 9th October on R&R without further complaint of problems.
Fitter was opening a plastic parts bag by piercing it with his right index finger when his finger went through the bag and ran down a sharpe edge of the gasket where the tin had separated from the body of the gasket.
Whilst exiting the work work basket stepped onto a rock and rolled ankle
2 x Fitters were working on a crusher.  As IP was climbing the portable access ladder as he got approxamatly shoulder height level with the upper platform either the ladder slipped away from under him or he slipped from the ladder. As a result IP fell to the lower trolley level(approxamatly 1.5m) landing on his back on top of the ladder which had also fallen. His left elbow made contact with the ladder resulting in a fracture to the upper arm/dislocated elbow.
While operating a HT on site and reversing and applying the break quikly has resulted in increase movement of the cab. The increased movement caused the operator to be shaken resulting in excessive head and neck flexion and extension. 
"Pt was working in an Excavator during the shift and reports it was tight digging the worker reported he was getting ""shaken around"", Pt finished shift. On waking up for following nightshift Pt noticed pain in lower back region and reported it was difficult to move."
Worker was releasing coupling on the feed pipe when the pressure in the pipe has resulted in the operator losing control of the hose and the hose contacting his left hand causing a laceration.
"Worker presented with right sided neck and shoulder pain, after the excavator bucket made contact with the haul truck bucket while loading was taking place. "
While operating Dozer operator has been looking over right shoulder while tramming backward at moderate speed when the machine has shut down and come to a sudden stop. Pain was felt in left side of neck and upper trapezius when neck jolted backward.
The worker was on the first step of the ladder of the Dozer and went to pick up his crib bag. On doing so he slipped and fell to the ground hitting his head and knocking his helmet off and causing a laceration of approx. 10cm to the back left side of his head.
While securing a load and tightening chains has noticed a small sharp pain in elbow. The operator has continued to work. The operator woke on the 26/11/13 and noticed his elbow was painful and he had increase tightness. 
"While performin Emergency response training at the on site fire ground the worker has slipped on some rubber matting which was placed near the water tank they were accessing. As the worker has slipped he has twisted his left knee and made contact with the ground, which has resulted in the patella dislocating."
The worker was lifting a chain up to remove a pin on the rubber tyre. While pulling the chain up the worker reports feeling a sharp sudden twitch in his left shoulder. 
IP was shutting a seacontainer door - felt instant pain in right buttock.
Performing manual handling tasks. Felt pain in mid-thoracic region and left lateral chest. Pain increasing over time.
"IP was moving a trailer, tripped and fell. Landed on Right side."
"Vital signs/neuro observations. Head laceration cleaned and steri-strips applied, thumb graze cleand & dressed. Observations 4 hours post time of incident in Medical Centre by on site Registered Nurse. Patient transferred to hospital for medical review."
IP states at approx 1830 he was opening the tails bypass valve and felt pain to his L elbow. Pt reported injury to the supervisor and continued to work. Throughout the night the pain continued and gradually got worse. Pt called the medic at 22:30.
Moving bag stand which dropped (Metal approx 20kg) onto left booted foot. Reported to Medic the following morning and taken to clinic for Medical review. No fracture on Xray. Soft tissue injury.
"IP stated that he was trying to dislodge a blockage in the pipe below the hopper using a Gympie hammer on the 01/12/2013. He was swinging the hammer back and forth across his body repetitively, and up and down. He reported that he was experiencing some discomfort in his R shoulder joint, and demonstrated a audible and palpable “clunking” sensation in the joint. IP was treated as a FAI at that time - Represented to the medical clinic in Janraury 2014 - Reviewed on the 4th February 2014 - Placed on restricted duties due to bursitis in right shoulder."
"Employee was lifting a toolbag weighing approximately 12kg into a light vehicle tray and noticed his shoulder started to ache. He suffered the injury on the 19/9/2013 and reported it on the 20/9/2013. he then had 6 days on alt duties on site, was flown to Perth for 2 days to see a GP and then he flew back to site on the 28th and commenced light duties and remained on Alt duties until he flew out on his rostered days off 30/9/2013. "
"Worker was cleaning a blockage in a piece of machinery when he slipped and fell, knocking his head on the way down."
Employee was shaking hands to dry after washing them and made contact with the sides of the basin.
Employee was descending ladder  and when he placed his foot on the ground at tje bottom of the ladder he felt his ankle give way.
"When undoing a bung on the drive housing, the employee's elbow over extended causing injury."
Employee twisted his right ankle when egressing the haul truck.
Worker presented for work Sunday morning (25 August) with pain in his left hand arm and chest. He was possibly bitten by an insect (suspected red back spider) the previous day at work.
"Operator reported discomfort in his back area on 22 November after attending a physiotherapy appointment at 10am on 21 November. The physio appointment was recommended to the employee for pain the operator states occurred on 7 November while operating machinery, which was not reported."
"The woker was using an air spear to disrupt congeled ore at emergency feed hopper. Whilst lifting the spear in an upwards motion, his right thumb struck the hopper frame. At the time of incident worker was wearing riggers gloves. Where the spear was moving up and down access was restricted by pipework. Due the time of the incident a doctors appointment could not be untill the following morning. the doctor confirmed with Xrays that worker's thumb was fractured. He placed him on restricted duties untill the 26th July."
"The worker stated that the injury occured approximately 4 weeks prior to reporting it to the emergency services officer on site. He stated that he first felt the pain when he was attaching a minsup clip to the air line of a new rattle gun. He stated that the pain became more evident with a combined flexion/twisting action of the wrist and that the injury was agrivated when he went surfing for periods of 2Hrs in ~19 degree water, and also when playing the guitar. On examination. No swelling evident and IP had full and even range of movement in both wrists. No loss of strength or sensation. He felt pain 6-7/10 when left wrist in combined flexion and twisting action was undertaken. Auscilation and palpation of both wrists indicated no abnormalities. The worker attended the local Dr on the 18th July where work restrictions were set from the 18th- 31st July."
Employee stated that while ascending stairs he tripped and fell at the same level. The employee fell to the grid mesh open palms down. He immediately felt pain and numbness in his left hand and pain in his right hand. On examination pain in left hand was a 7/10 and right hand 2/10 with limited dexterity in his left hand. The site medics contacted the local GP who recommended transfer to hospital for x-ray of left hand which was carried out- no fractures were found- only bruising.
"Worker was closing a shipping container door in bagging plant load out area, with his right arm tucked up to protect his right side. When he applied pressure to the door he felt pain and heard a crack from his right lower ribs."
"Patient presented with severed tip of thumb on left hand. The worker was slicing chilli in the mess kitchen when he sliced the tip of his left thumb. He applied first aid, reported to his supervisor and then the site medics. He was then taken to the local doctors surgery and recieved 7 sutures to put the tip back on his thumb."
Whilst twisting to move a conveyer roller (5kg) the employees right knee collapsed under his own weight causing a temporary dislocation of the right knee. The worker collapsed under his own weight and stated his knee returned to its natural position unaided. No swelling or bruising evident. Worker has full range of movement and can support his own weight. 
"During the process of taking an acid sample, when the worker went to rinse off any acid residue that he may have got on the acid bottle or his PPE he experienced a heating sensation on two fingers on his right hand. He immediately removed the glove from his right hand and held it under flowing water from the safety shower eye wash. On arrival the supervisor asked the worker what had happened as he could see he was running water onto his right hand, the worker said it looks like his glove had a hole in it and acid got through his glove making contact with his skin. "
"At approx 6:45 the worker was climbing the ladder  as he raised his eyes to view the ladder above him he struck the top of his hard hat on the safety guard cage surrounding the ladder. He felt pain in his neck and stiffness. He immediately descended and was taken to the medical centre on site, he was then assessed and taken to the local hospital, then sent to a regional hospital for scans/ X-rays to check for any fractures or damage to discs. There were nil found."
Worker was exiting loader at reclaimer during night shift. He stepped off onto unseen rock causing pain to the lateral left ankle and side of calf. He was taken to local Dr in the morning and then sent for Xrays to ensure he had not fractured his left fibula. There were nil fractures. 
"Employee was using a 7"" grinder cleaning up 12mm plates secured in a bench vice at the workshop. On completion of the grinding, the trigger was released, and the grinder was to be put down on the edge of the plate to stop rotation. As this action was taking place the disc grabbed on the corner of the vice and swung up and struck the left forearm resulting in a laceration."
"Worker presented with pain (8/10) and discomfort to lower patella region of left knee. He stated that he had been manual handling a 50mm diameter process water hose in preparation for a wash down when he felt a"" twinge"". He stated the injury was re-occurring and that he had strained the same knee, to a lesser extent, approximately six weeks previously. Previous incident was not reported and he self managed the injury, untill it re-occured as explained above. He cannot recall details or date of the injury 6 weeks prior."
Process technician was stepping off a concrete slab onto ground level when she stood on a rock with left foot and fell forward. Fall was arrested with knees and hands. Pain was felt in left ankle. The operator returned to normal duties the following shift.
"After finishing charging the decline face, the employee packed up and started driving vehicle back and felt a pinch in his left hand after a short distance. After parking up safely, the employee tried to open his hand, but it had locked up on the steering wheel knob. When the employee did manage to free his hand from the steering wheel, there was pain in the hand and the hand was still in a locked position as if he was still holding the steering wheel knob."
"An employee had a gradual onset of numbness, tingling and weakness in both arms, and neck pain. Nil specific mechanism of injury identified due to gradual onset. The employee's typical work includes face charging, stope charging, and mine services installation/repair."
"Whilst hanging a sign, tripped on a rock, left ankle gave away resulting in twisting the left knee. "
"After guiding the charge up vehicle into the drive, the operator was in the process of parking up the vehicle, which involves lowering the hydraulic jack legs. The miner had picked up a tamping stick from the ground and in doing so had put his right foot underneath the jack leg."
Woke up with discomfort in back. Unsure of what caused it.
"Gradual onset of pain in Right knee over course of night shift. Nil specific cause but was charging up on previous shift in very muddy, watery and rocky ground."
"Felt gradual onset of pain to left knee after digging holes at bottom of face. Cannot pin point specific task that caused pain. After work, in his room, he noticed knee quite swollen. Reported to medic start of next shift and received treatment. Pain and swelling was down at the end of his swing 15/8/13 and was reported as a first aid injury. He received clearence from Dr on the 17/8/13. "
"Whilst lifting a Cat Stand onto the tray of a light vehicle, assisted by another person, felt pain in between shoulder blades. The stand weighs 53kg."
Knee pain started whilst driving loader. Pain increased throughout nightshift. By end of shift left knee starting to lock up in certain positions. Repetitive movement working the clutches on loader started intial onset. 
"Fracture injury to right ankle after being caught under jumbo tyre. Taking tyre off a forklift when the tyre became unbalanced. The tyre was about to fall onto a nitrogen bottle, so the casualty quickly moved the nitrogen bottle out of way, resulting in his foot being in the path of the falling tyre. Diagnosed with fracture to Lateral Malleolus."
"Whilst descaling paste hopper, beams, mixer, using crow bars, hammers, high pressure cleaner over a period of time, right elbow and muscle pain has slowly increased. "
"The injured person was unloading the plane at airport on Sunday 21/07/2013. The employee had to lift 8 leaf springs that weigh approximately 23kg, and one large heavy box from the ground into her ute. When she picked up one of the springs up she felf a twinch in her left shoulder. The employee's shoulder was not hurt at that stage but the pain started to get worse on Tuesday afternoon. The incident was reported to the Site Nurse on the 27th of July. The employee was unaware that heavy good were coming on the plane. These goods were not marked as being heavy by the distributing company. "
"Whilst opening bonnet of from front, employee jumped off bumper and missed intended pit cover and fell through gap between cover and stairs, rolling left ankle on 2nd bottom step."
"The injured person was attending to cleaning duties. Whilst making one of the beds, she pushed the bed back towards the wall with her right knee - the bed being on rollers allowed this movement. Following this motion her right knee twisted and she felt pain."
Climbing onto Crusher and stepped onto loose rock on track.
Swelling and soreness around left knee. IP was walking up stairs  to conduct a preventative maintenance inspection when he got to the top of the stairs he turned to go towards the pulleys and felt a pain in his knee.
During the process of changing out a conveyor belt on a mobile crushing plant an operator has twisted their knee when rising from a squatting position and simultaneously lifting the conveyor belt. The operator states they have rested their knee for approximately 1 hour then went back to work. The operator has then attempted to ascend stairs and subsequently twisted their knee a second time. 
"Four personnel were removing a pod from on top of another pod located in the back of a ute. The pod weighed approx 58kgs and after the pod was removed from the ute, the involved person felt discomfort to right shoulder. "
"While stepping down from Water Truck, the Operator has unknowingly placed their foot on a large rock which has subsequently moved under foot. Consequently the Operator has rolled their ankle and states feeling a ""crack"" and instant pain."
"Operative had been working all morning. After completing his task of hosing off the pad, he went to the hut for morning tea. He received a call to go and pick up an Operator, so he exited the hut and descended down the stairs. He stepped on the second last step, where his right calf tightened up and he felt pain. He tried to put weight on his leg but his leg gave way. He contacted his Supervisor, informed him of his injury and was then taken to the medics. "
Injured person presented to medical centre on 25th of July with muscular back strain progressing over the last 6 months from an unknown specific source or activity.
The involved person states feeling discomfort in their left elbow while relocating lighting plants in the Pit. The IP continued to work through to the next shift where the pain progressively worsened and the IP reported the previous days occurrence to the shift Supervisor.
"During dozing operations, a dozer operator has encountered toe in the ground being worked causing the dozer to ""see-saw"" slightly and jarr the operators back. The operator failed to report the occurrence at the time and continued to work the rest of the shift. The operator has woken the next morning and presented to the site medic stating severe back spasms as a result of the previous days event."
The dozer operator had returned to site after seven days of leave and receiving a clearance from an offsite GP. The operator told his Supervisor on his first shift that he believed his back pain was associated with dozer operations. They were able to accommodate his request (to not operate the dozer) after half a shift on the dozer. For the remainder of the shift and the next nightshift the operator was put on an excavator. Prior to commencing nightshift on the 2.10.2013 the operator attended the medical centre with back pain and was subsequently advised to take the shift off in preparation for flying offsite the next morning on 3.10.2013 for diagnostics.
Serviceman was conducting routine service work and was pulling out grease hose from reel on service truck. Serviceman was walking backwards and twisting sideways while pulling out hose and noticed a little twinge.
Operator experienced lower back pain when shovelling spillage that has spilled from belt. After completing two loads the operator experienced sudden onset of pain in their lower back. 
"A  Operator was descending the stairs of a Water Cart and while attempting to place their foot on the ground from the bottom step of the access stairs, they have hyper extended their left shoulder causing a strain. Due to the Water Truck being parked in deep V drain, the distance from the bottom step to the ground was greater than usual. "
"The Scaffolder was building a tube rack. He was stepping through the lower and upper deck, which were 800mm apart, he stood up too quickly and hit his head causing jarring to the neck. The Scaffolder was wearing a hard hat at the time."
"After having a power failure, the Process Technician was preparing  for start up.  The Process Technician turned off the valve and prodded the Calcine in the tundish with a crowbar to see if the whole line had blocked. The Calcine started flowing down the line causing a blow back of steam and hot Calcine from the line which caught the Process Technician on the forehead and eye and as he turned, on his neck and top of shoulders."
"I.P. states was coming down stairs of old control room, turned around to go down next flight of stairs & rolled right ankle. I.P. states metal surface of stairs was not slippery; ankle gave way."
"Was lip plate replacing all shift felt fine until 3 pm approx, had been manual assisting removal and replacement with large chains felt pain in Left Shoulder."
Injured person bent down to pick up water hose and felt his knee give way. Afetr standing up the knee re-connected / clicked back in.Reported to onsite Medical Centre.
Cleaning a water treatment filter screen with a high pressure cleaner.Operator took one glove off to immerse filter into bath and then proceeded to clean the filter one handed.High pressure water came into contact with thumb on left hand.
male mechanic was stooping under hoist with rt foot forward suddenly felt and heard a pop in lower back.
Crane chain became hooked /hung up on shackle when unauthorised tension was applied sprang free and struck fitter on the arm.
"Female Mine Tech was standing on windrow with rt foot, leaning to check truck tyre, scat gave way and fell onto left shoulder. wearing gloves and all PPE."
"Fitter has been operating  truck since Thursday 12/12/13, driving on pit floor. Today 15/12/13 felt stiffness in back whilst driving. Reported to supervisor & medical centre."
An operator was attempting to unblock a vibrating feeder which delivers powdered lime. He did so by using compressed air which when activated caused a cloud of lime dust to be liberated. Some of this blew into his face and his left eye. He immediately washed his eyes and face and was then taken to the first aid room where his eye was irrigated with saline water for 15 minutes. He was then transferred to  Hospital for further irrigation and treatment. He was released from hospital and referred for a check up the following morning. That check revealed no serious or long term damage had been incurred but he was advised to stay away from any exposure to dust for 2 days. At a check up the following morning he was given a final medical and cleared to return to work. 
IP was struck by a 4inch pipe whilst completing normal duties on the ground floor of the Plant. The pipe struck his right side groin region causing a soft tissue injury. 
"MT was completing normal duties on a engine fan when he placed his hand into the engine fan, causing a laceration to the left thumb. "
Injured Person (IP) was operating from the commencement of the shift and over the course of a few hours noticed changes when lowering the Haul Truck tray. At approximately 1130hrs IP noticed the haul truck cab shake noticeably more than usual during the first stage of lowering. IP reported the immediate onset of lower back symptoms.
IP reports being jolted in haul truck cab while have tray scratched by excavator
The person was cleaning the conveyor with a steel bar. The conveyor grabbed the Steel bar and pinned his left middle finger.
Ip was attempting to adjust the side light near the off side mirror on the DT operator has strained right wrist. This light cannot be moved without the correct tooling. i.e. IP attempted to move an imoveable object.
"On 3/12/13 Whilst loosening wheel nuts on bus in camp to change a flat tyre , jarred hand when breaker bar cracked the nut intially . IP felt immediate pain , was wearing gloves and all PPE required. He was reviewed by a hand specialist after x-rays and ultra sounds on 5/12/13 and declared fit for full normal duties. He was issued with a final medical certificate on 12/02/14 - total capacity for work. On 25/02/14 he was reviewed again due to unresolved pain - Diagnosed with bilateral hook of hamate injuries - placed on work restrictions . IP remained on restrictions for approximately 3 months from the 25 of February. On the 28 of May, 2014 he was reviewed by the hand specialist and work restrictions were lifted. "
"An employee was performing a planned task of dismantling a scaffold approximately 2.4 m above the roof of a tank. As he removed a piece of the scaffold, it became caught in his harness and he lost his balance and fell 1.5m onto a horizontal section of the scaffold. He then landed on his feet on the tank roof and disconnected his harness. He was assisted by his workmates and contacted his supervisor, after which he attended to the medical centre. The injured party was taken to the medical centre for initial treatment and then the local hospital for further precautionary examination before the end of shift."
"An operator was performing a routine task which involved closing a 6x4 drain valve, the operator in the action of hitting the drain handle with a knocking bar swung arm back and during this motion their elbow came in contact with a movable stand that was located behind him."
"While carrying a piece of angle iron along walkway employee has stepped down onto next level of platform, where he has then rolled his ankle on rocks laying in the walkway."
"An operator was completing a task that required the operator to crouch down to knock a spreading wedge out of the flange, and in the action of standing up felt pain in their back."
"IP was swinging a  blind when he felt pain in his lower back. The IP was rotating the  blind using the pivot bolt method, when build up in the line restricted the movement. The blind became harder to rotate and the IP used additional force to move the blind. This caused the IP to feel pain in his lower right part of his back. The IP reported to the supervisor and attended the medical centre where he had ice treatment and anti-inflammatory applied. The IP then felt he could return to work, but was resticted to workshop duties with no manual handling to prevent worsening the sustained injury. The following day, Friday 1st Nov ( IP was on his R&R) the IP saw a doctor who advised the IP is fit to return on restrictive duties."
The IP had been using a rattle gun throughout the day whilst assisting the Crew with the box up of a heater. At approximately 10:30 he felt some discomfort to his forearm and hands. Later that afternoon he was replacing steel flooring sections in preparation to be lifted and he felt pain travel down the same arm resulting in pins and needles in his thumb and fingers.
"A Day Crew Operator was completing a  filter recloth and felt some pain. The next day as the pain did not subside he contacted his supervisor noting he still has pain in his right shoulder but also that it is feeling better, thus not requiring medical advice. On Friday, 18th October the operator reported to the medical centre at start of shift and has been placed on resticted work duties due to the pain in his right shoulder. Classified as RWC Illness."
"The IP was assisting a fellow operator to clean a scale trap that was completely full. While attempting to remove the scale basket the IP felt a small twinge to right elbow. The IP thought nothing of it as the pain receeded. Shortly after, the IP was knocking out scale from the same basket (now hanging on basket hooks) with a knocker bar and felt severe pain in his right elbow."
Operator was removing fitting from drain valve when it spun in his hands causing strain to middle finger on his right hand. The injury was initially treated as a first aid injury. The operator was advised to ice the finger and return to the medical center the next day and contact the medical center if the injury got worse. The operator returned to the medical center 12th August 2013 stating that the swelling had improved but he still couldn't make a fist and still had pain. He was referred to a physiotherapist and the doctor who referred him on to a hand therapist. He had hand therapy for a month which provided limited relief. He has now been reviewed by a hand surgeon and is waiting on the outcome of this assessment for further treatment. During this time he has been on restricted work duties and has been wearing a rigid splint.
"An Area 1 operator was changing out screens. During this process the Operator was loading screens on to a trolley on the ground floor and taking then up to the screen deck. The operator was in the process of putting the screens on the trolley and stepped on to uneven ground, rolling his right ankle."
"Operator injured their knee while de-isolating a tank. On top of the tank, the injured person went to turn and got their foot caught under a  low pipe, twisting their knee, before falling to the ground and dislocating their knee cap"
"The IP had been working across various job, Whilst walking back to the yard to get some parts, his knee started to hurt. He reported this to his Supervisor and he was sent to the medical centre where he received ice and was placed on restricted duties."
"Worker's description of the injury and how the injury occured: On 27/07/2013, while bush walk, stepped onto rock and patient fall and injuried her right foot. patient continue walking for 4 hours and that night slight swelling around ankle and next day patient noted brusing around across the front of toes. patient able to weight bear. Patient had pain around front of right foot. patient also had difficulites going up and down stairs and driving and night time. Paient put in incident report but did not see a doctor or any imaging done. "
"While walking down a slight embankment, injured person went for a skid on the loose gravel, and rolled her ankle as she fell."
"Went to  get a bottle of water,  tripped on a milk crate that was left in the open. The crate was under shadow and did not see it. Kicked the crate and tripped/stumbled slightly rolling ankle but did not lose balance or fall."
Lifting drill sample bags into the back of vehicle resulted in back strain.
"On 11.08.13 at approximately 0800, the Worker was exiting his accommodation room carrying two pillows. As he descended the steps, he stepped onto the ground with his right leg and twisted his body to the right. "